5 Great affordable food!! You get A LOT for the money!! Will def go back! Waited on line maybe 15 mins one person can enter at a time
1 Its my first time here and I guess I was unlucky to be served by the older grandpa server. He gave me all bones with duck and the roast pork almost no meat and dehydrated. If you can time it better wait till the younger guy can take your order. I also got acid reflux I feel that the food served for me was the old one ready to throw away but old grandpa want to make a buck out of it.
5 Great service food is done on time and very affordable you def don't have to come out of pocket for this place CASH ONLY. The roast pork is amazing and you barely get a lot of fat on their meat which for me is a plus plus
4 I wholeheartedly endorse Wah Fung No 1! The food is fantastic, and I tried a few different dishes and thoroughly enjoyed them all. This restaurant serves reasonably priced food with generous portions of meat that is well-seasoned!! Even though the space is small, it is still welcoming because the restaurant's staff is friendly and efficient. Furthermore, the restaurant is spotless, well-lit, and comfortable.
2 This place is completely overhyped. Roast pig was not crispy. Way too much fat to meat ratio. Duck had no crispy skin and charsiu was dry. If you want really good Chinese bbq go to flushing. The portion is still huge. (To make up for lack of quality) Don't fall for the hype.
5 I've been getting food from them since I been in Middle school! 20+ year under their belt as a hawker to finally own their own store front. I enjoyed eating on the back table. Their quality has never once disappointed me at any time. Give them a try!
5 The Famous Wah Fung  in Chinatown, New York will immediately meet you with a long line of people anxiously waiting to taste their famous roasted duck, chicken, and pig. By all standards, Wah Fung is a humble establishment but its fame, the long lines, and the delicious smell of roasted meat will beckon any foodie to its doors.   Upon entering the small storefront, the sound of cleavers chopping meat, the smell of succulent roasted meat, and the sight of the hanging ducks in the window will greet you. The fast moving workers will ask for your order and I suggest that you know exactly what you want before you step into the establishment. Luckily, there are only a combination three options to choose from: roasted duck, pork, and chicken over a bed white rice and cabbage. You can order any combination of these three meats with the price ranging from $5.00-$7.00 depending on the size of your portion.   The food, by any standard is excellent but because of its extremely affordable price, the value is truly unbeatable, especially in the heart of Manhattan. Now, lets talk about the taste. Each meat is uniquely delicous (my favorite being the cha siu), and the the slightly sour cabbage that drapes over the rice cuts the fatty flavor perfectly. The massive bed of rice, the the base of the dish, soaks up the excess juices wonderfully. This old-school chinatown joint is a must visit for anybody visiting New York City that I highly recommend  Freshbite.org
5 Believe the hype! Large portions at cheap prices and everything is delish. If you don't want the white rice you can ask for no rice and you'll get extra cabbage.
5 It's no secret anymore that Wah Fung is is one of the most legit and affordable chinese rice takeouts still standing in the area. Used to come here for lunch during the work week but now make it a must stop spot to pick up when I come to Chinatown. Good to see a healthy amount of business with a line out the door still, but it goes fast and you won't regret waiting fifteen mins. Try the cha siu (roast pork), duck and soy sauce chicken!
5 This place is a fing GEM. Went for the first time this weekend--waited for 40 min in a v long line (Bc of the AAPI rally I think) but the man inside is an absolute master and his duck is TOP NOTCH. He chopped up the entire thing in under a minute like a boss (which I filmed lol) and I immediately took it home and proceeded to consume almost a half of it by myself. Note I am a 115 lb woman. Today I ate so much and it was divine. Need to come here every week!!
5 Wow  the portions are huge. I came in Saturday night around 5pm to grab some dinner. It was a big line but it didn't stop me, and the weather was good so why not? I think it took like 20 min and then I have another disappointment- they've running out of duck. So I decided to take pork($6.50) and chicken($6.50) large plates. They really not playing games with portions. They've huge. Chicken was slightly dry and a tons of bones were inside. Pork was great, super delicious and flavorful. So wish next time they will not running out of duck.
5 This place has always been a childhood favorite! It is a hole in the wall and it's amazing! it's a great price for their lunch special which looks small but it's pretty filing! They give a decent serving and they're so friendly! If you want more than just one kind of meat, you'll have to buy a bigger box and it's worth it :)   The line is usually long but it's always worth the wait! My go to meats are always roast duck, roast pig, and roast pork, but the chicken is also good as well !   Must try when you come to Chinatown!
5 Plain and simple, the best place to get your Chinese BBQ meats and for a great price! Such a hole a in the wall, that I would have never known about if not for my informative boyfriend, but you MUST eat the food fresh! Char siu (bbq pork), cut fresh infront of you, had the cripsy ends, meat was juicy and flavorful with the sauce poured on top and flowing onto the rice.   Added to it the Roasted pork, the skin is so crispy and meat is juicy and tender. That like I said before you MUST eat the food fresh, especially when you have crispy pork skin waiting because if not then it will get all soggy and then it's not the same.  Another thing, great ready to wait on line because it will be wrapped around the block but trust me, it's worth the wait!
5 Saturday afternoon - over 20 people in line, prices has increased to $4.50 for the small and large is $7 w two items BBQ pork and Roast Pig.  High Quality meats and still my go to spot in Manhattan.   You have an option to buy the meats by weight.
3 Consistently overated. I would never stand online for 20 minutes for this place when the siu yook at the teow chiao place next door Kim Thing is consistently way better. Wah Fung is spotty at best and their roast meats can be too sweet, too fatty, too soft and go from that to pretty good. Just cuz it's cheap don't make them the best though.
5 A must eat in NYC!!! There was a bit of a line when I came but it was 10/10 so worth it. This is such an incredible cheap eat in Chinatown--at $12 for two boxes, the price point can not be beat. The meat flavor is impeccable and the roast pork in particular is to die for. The rice and cabbage worked super well with the meat flavors and it was seriously just SO good. I definitely enjoyed the pork more than the duck, but I still would highly recommend both.
5 Great fast affordable food.  The sauce is what makes all the meat taste more amazing.  So request more sauce on your meat, it's necessary!  I also would've liked less rice and more cabbage but all in all great Chinatown eats.  Chicken was well seasoned and well done.  There will be a little line to get in but when u have butchers chopping fresh meat for u, in front of u then it's worth the wait!
4 En route to work, it was a rainy day during the pandemic and I gasped. I've suddenly realized "I CAN FINALLY GET WAH FUNG". It's been on my list (and every cheap eats list of nyc) for half a decade and there's always a long line.  I get to the block, jacket slowly seeping in rain, and... there's a line. EVEN IN A PANDEMIC. EVEN IN THE RAIN! There's a line. Don't worry about this spot guys, it'll live. There are enough young adult skaters in the park across the street to keep this place alive.  Skip to half a year later, I walk by and miraculously there's only two people waiting. I can see the workers inside and I was still skeptical it was open. I queue up and I shit you not, in 5 minutes there were already 7 more people behind me. I'm starting to think people just join lines.  On the window, there's a sign clearly marked "choice of roast pork or chicken: $4.50". They know why everyone's here. Normally not a big deal but other roast-porkeries have a difficult time conveying their meat distinctions for whatever reason. I won't name who but I think some spots get too comfortable only serving a Chinese base. Even though there's two people ahead of me, it's taking awhile. Turns out there was this guy who probably ordered a whole pig inside. So, as you wait, passed the clearly marked sign, is the butcher going about his life's work. The mesmerizing chopping of pork meat really makes you really want Universal Basic Income. People should be allowed to pursue what makes them happy not what makes them survive. Anywho, I'm in.  I state "roast pork", thinkin I'm all cool and shit knowing what I want. He returns "what size?"... Alright, now I'm thrown for a loop. THERE WAS NO MENTION OF SIZE ON THE PIECE OF PAPER! I say small because I'm curious how much can $4.50 get me. I saw the large $6.50 size. It's about double the small. Small is a nice aluminum hand sized container, punched in with meat. I say "punched" because they make it a point to pack it in. I was in and out in 3 minutes. I can see why people don't mind waiting the long line.  The meat's good as far as roast pork goes; you're really there to save a few bucks.
4 Small no I mean tiny space, but I pulled up on a rainy Sunday night one hour before they closed and there was still a line. Because I pulled up one hour before close I missed the duck and had to settle for the chicken but the flavors were good, cabbage gives needed texture and the sauce a bit oily but not overwhelming... Oh did I mention the small order is $4.50. So if your in Chinatown and your tryna eat in a budget here's your spot.
5 This place I discovered 7 years ago,I'm looking on Yelp to find somewhere to get lunch,and a typed in Chinese food and this place popped up,so I looked at their sight and liked what I saw.So I walked over to it,the line was a bit long so I knew it was good and got my food,I wasn't disappointed in the least,it was so good,we have it atleast 3 times a month.
4 Had  some really good pork and duck over rice, for an insanely low price. I'd probably skip the duck next time and just go with the pork. There was a line, but it moves quickly.
5 Giving it up for Wah Fung - Five stars for surprising quality at such a small price.  Scored 1lb of roast duck ($11) Sunday mid-day.  I've seen the line outside stretch down the block.  Maybe the rain but only 6 people before me and the front door, which I came to understand once you reach it, you still wait until you hear some sort of shout to come in.  Super small space.  Cash only.  My change was taken out of a cardboard box.  No decor to speak of, but you came for one reason anyway; fantastic Cantonese style roast pork, chicken and/or duck!
4 This is a comfort-food restaurant whenever you are craving for a great Roast. I ordered roasted pork. It was grilled and sliced to perfectoin and was absolutely mouthwatering. So juicy, tender and almost perfectly seasoned. At the same time it was sticky and fatty and this added another level of flavour. So delucious. I had it for lunch and that day was fantastic. But i had to salt it a little bit, i like quite salty foods although it's not very healthy. You shouldn't do that. Thank you for a nice meal i had!
5 this is my to go spot for bbq pork, roast duck, and roast pork. my hubby also loves this spot.   1lb bbq pork, 1lb roast duck, 1 lb roast pork, and cabbage for $36.50- cheap and delicious!!!
5 was very satisfied  roast pork was everything I expected! juicy flavorful and large portions definitely worth the price and wait
5 Wah Fung specializes in Chinese BBQ meats. The menu is limited to roast pork, chicken, and duck over rice which comes in a small ($4.50) or large ($6.50) tray. For the price, the order comes with massive amounts of rice and your choice of BBQ meats with boiled cabbage and their special soy sauce drizzled over everything.   The butchers are really hardworking at getting the orders out. The line outside had about ten customers and the wait was roughly 15 minutes. The food is best consumed at most 15 minutes after take out, or else the rice gets clumpy and the fats from the meat will solidify. There is no sitting or dining area; some customers stand down the block or get back into their cars to chow down. Wah Fung is cash only.
5 I heard so many great things about this place even when I lived in SF. So we took the subway to Chinatown to pick up our poultry for our Lunar New Year celebration! There was a line when we got there so you know it's good. The butcher was a friendly old man who spoke Cantonese so it reminded me so much of home in SF. We ordered a pound each of roasted pig, cha siu, roast chicken, and duck and it came out to only $56!This is half the price of what my parents would pay in SF at the place they frequent! Such a good deal and the meat was so flavorful and perfect! The prices and taste can't be beat here! I just wish the location wasn't so far from where I live!
5 In honor of Chinese (Lunar) New Year we drove downtown to Chrystie St (near Hester) to fulfill my craving for char siu pork.  I asked my NYC Hong Konger friend "Where's the best place to buy char siu pork?"  He told me Green Garden but I saw a big C on the door and balked.  I'm never trusting that friend again with New York Chinese food advice.  TC, I'm talking about you!  All I wanted to find was a simple, cheap, reasonably clean Chinese meat counter shop like Nam Fong in Honolulu Chinatown to buy juicy cuts of char siu, roast pork, duck or chicken.  Wah Fung No.1 in NYC Chinatown is that place!  We arrived late around 10:55am and there was a line to the street corner.  The shop is so small that only 1 or 2 customers are allowed in at a time.  At first it didn't move so fast (too many indecisive customers?) and we had to listen to firecracker music from the next door gift shop.  But we finally got in the door at 11:25am.  We bought a large takeout container of char siu pork (no rice, no cabbage, only meat!) and I had to hide my joy when they said $12!  They had to repeat it twice, I couldn't believe my luck!  CASH ONLY though so luckily I had $ in my purse.  There's one butcher inside chopping up your meat and another person at the cash register.  It looks just like Nam Fong in Honolulu.  I felt like I was home in Hawaii's Chinatown (the 2nd oldest Chinatown in the U.S.).  We were in and out in 3 minutes with our cherished char siu in our tote bag.  Wah Fung also sells "plates" of char siu, roast pork or chicken and rice for $4.50, but we just wanted fresh char siu to season our home-cooked fried rice, Singapore noodles or soup.  Beware however the char siu sauce is very sticky and leaked inside our tote bag (my husband was carelessly bouncing the bag on his shoulder).  It smelled so good that we couldn't wait to snack on it - rushed back to our car and ate the char siu on top of cilantro and scallion steamed rice rolls that we bought for $2 each from Delicious Huang Bakery around the corner on Hester Street. Wah Fung gives huge portions.  Good value for char siu exactly like what I grew up eating.  I only remembered to take a photo halfway through our feast.
4 It's basically one guy serving a long line of customers.  He's really good at what he does, but don't expect to be in and out quickly.  Now about the food... There are about 3 other stores on the same block selling the same kind of stuff, and this is the only one that has a line going down the street; there is a reason for that.  It is absolutely the best pork/chicken/duck you can get around here.
5 The lord made this place. I pray I can find food like this somewhere else because god damn this is insanely good and cheap.
4 I'm not a fan of roast pork and usually never eat it but I have to say, the ones from here are really good. I always have to get a pound or two along with a small box with rice. The prices are cheap too. Their roast pork is so tender, juicy and flavorful. The sauce they pour over it is sticky, sweet and savory. I don't know anywhere else that makes it better.   I prefer my roast pork more fatty than lean, thinly sliced, charred with extra sauce. Wah Fung is the only place I'll eat roast pork from. I've also had their roast pig, roast duck and chicken before, they were OK. Their roast pig is too fatty and the skin isn't crispy enough. Go early if you want to avoid the long line, the service is relatively quick and it's cash only.
5 History of Present Indulgence:   Fiancée and I decided on a spontaneous Chinatown cheap eats food tour stop #1 (I decided and dragged her along)This was a must stop because it is the most well known bang for your buck Chinese bbq meal in all of Manhattan.   Physical Exam:  Environment - You walk in (after usually a long line), you order your meat combination, you pay in cash, you walk out.   Service - See environment. Don't you dare ask if they take card.   Taste - It's all as good and as simple as it gets. BBQ pork is well balanced fatty vs. lean, a hint of sweet and not too artificially red like other restaurants might serve. Roast pork has that crispy skin, it's got the fragrance, and it's got a good amount of lean meat to not feel like you're just eating lard. Roast duck has the tender meat you're looking for, thin skin, and subcutaneous fat that when eaten altogether with some rice makes a perfect bite. And as plain as white rice is, all the drippings from the meats and some sweet soy that drizzles down flavors the rice so make sure you mix the parts covered in sauce with the parts that were missed. Cabbage is there to help mellow out the heavy meats and carbs.   Assessment and Plan; 5/5 shimmering hanging roast ducks. When the weather is nice, take your bowl to the park right across the street and savor on a bench. The whole meal will run you $6-ish dollars or maybe a little more if you want more meat. It's a ridiculously cheap but filling and tasty meal. Way Fung No. 1 is probably one of the most famous joints in Chinatown and it's clear why. This is just another five star review to add to the plethora there already is. Expect a wait though when you go and expect to wait outside so dress weather-appropriate.
3 Wah Fung has become a popular spot after many influencers shared about it, and it absolutely wins in terms of pricing and quantity. One man prepares the food and works the register, and the lines continue to be down the block whenever I pass by. I went right before the dinner rush around 430pm and waited for only 15 min.  A small box with Roasted Pork over rice & cabbage is $4.50 (it used to be $3.50!), and a large with 3 meats is $7.50. The portions are huge!   The quality, however, does not live up to the hype for me, unfortunately (minus 2 stars). The sauce the chef ladles over the container is so sweet to try and cover up dry roasted pork & undesirable cuts (after 1-2 meaty pieces, the rest of the chicken & duck were just bones), and the taste makes it hard to eat after a few bites.   Next time, I will ask for the fatty roasted pork & no sauce to see if it's better. This spot looks good in photos still and is a good deal, but I would recommend picking up from Big Wong's or Great NY Noodletown for a few more $ and better quality.
5 Cheap eats. If you have a craving for roast duck and pork then Wah Fung fits the bill.   Prepare to wait your turn to enter the tiny establishment outside in a socially distant line to place your order. 2 persons at a time are allowed in.  Get the duck or pork or a combination of the two for $6:50-$7:00. Despite the long line it moves quickly and is worth the wait. Ask for a side of the broth to moisten the rice when reheating. Portions are large and definitely more than one serving.BBQ Pork
5 Cheap good Asian food. I love it here! I would recommend the duck or bbq pork over rice.
5 Cash only, $6.50 for the best plate of char siu. Amazing taste, price, service. Definitely worth the wait and lives up to the hype.
5 Long line out the door! But the line moves fairly fast. Still the same good ass food. Everything but the chicken is good in my opinion. I get the roast pork and duck over rice. The portions are just monstrous. They give you the good cuts of duck too. Most spots always cut you the end pieces of the duck which is mostly just bone or fat. Wah Fung does it right! Although their flavor is slightly sweeter than competitors, you just can't argue with portion and prices! Thank goodness they didn't go out of business during this awful pandemic!
5 I have no words but UGH. YUM. I could gorge myself with this food to no end. I think everyone else feels the same with the long line despite the pandemic. Only 2 people are allowed in the store at a time, which is good for social distancing.  Prices are GREAT at $6.50 for the large roast pork with rice, which could last me 3 meals (and I have a big appetite). I've been eating here since I heard about it in 2018 and when I came back to visit the city I had to get my roast bbq fill. Easily my favorite Chinese spot in New York.
5 Came here twice on our trip, once catching a 30 minute wait mid-day on a holiday, and the second time, early in the morning with no wait. Definitely opt for the off-hours since this has become such a go-to spot for tourists in Manhattan's chinatown. The roast pork still beats the chicken and duck, so we just got that the second time. Cash only.
2 This used to be my favorite cheap eats spot in NYC. However, the standard of quality of meat has really gone down. The meat used to be so tender and soft. Recently, it's gotten so chewy and tough. Their portions are also much much smaller than they previously were. I think too many tourists eat here now and the quality and quantity have just gone down.
5 Absolutely cannot be beat! There will always be a line, but it's worth the wait. It was 3:30pm on a Thursday and I waited for maybe 15 minutes.   I ordered the large pork for only $7.50 (small is $4.50). He gives a generous portion plus extra sauce. The food is so delicious, I actually regret not ordering two so I can have another meal for tomorrow.   Will definitely be a returning customer.
5 Always one of the best cheap eats in Chinatown and NYC. Fresh duck, chicken, roasted and crispy pork served over rice or by the lb. Always a short line but worth the wait.
5 The best place for duck. The sauce the cabbage was unbeknownst to me would also be a star in the dishes. If you're on the fence. Just go. Wait on the line. In the meantime or after go to the boba place on the corner next to it.
5 Excellent duck and generous portions. Usually a line but it moves quick. Everyone should support this small Chinatown staple!
5 Waited in the (socially distanced) line on a Sunday afternoon around 4 pm was well worth it! It was an intimidating line (see photo), but I'd say I was only waiting for 10-15 minutes.  I got two huge platters of roast chicken and roast pork (I skipped the rice and veggies) for $15.45. I also asked for lean cuts and they searched for the perfect pieces for me. Lives up the the hype!
5 If you crave Chinese BBQ, then this is the place to go! Chinatown cheap eats! Price is extremely reasonable and the quality of food is top-notch. Be prepared for standing in line anytime you go, the place is just that popular. I usually get a week worth of BBQ and weekdays dinners are all set. Today I got a full duck ($20), one pound roast pig ($10), one pound roast pork ($10), a small roast chicken ($4) and big rice with vegetables ($3).
4 I seen this line Outside the restaurant so I said  look like they're really wanna go in there so let me join in it was worth it yes when I got in I ordered Half duck it taste wasn't what looking for I didn't ask for ginger I should ask for more flavor than I pick the ribs pork was delicious next time I go back  try fry pork and the pig pork And have it not cut up do it yourself more tender when you do it later I learned something
5 This spot has always been a takeout only place. Finally got to try their bbq. We ordered mixed bbq on rice and it was 7.50 per large order. Very delicious and worth the line. Honestly I now get why there is always a line outside! Get their takeout and you won't regret it!
5 So this place has gotten a lot of publicity over the years. And I have been wanting to try it so bad. We finally got a day where the family and I were able to do a food tour. So this had to be on the list and it was on the list. The amazing thing was how long the line was. I did not expect to wait about a half an hour in line, but it sure was worth it. We got to try the duck on rice and the pork on rice. We are happy with both. The duck and the pork or such different flavor profiles and I am so glad that I ordered them both because though they are different, they sure to complement each other. The duck has a nice Crunchy texture that goes so well with a nice warm bed of rice. It's also very fatty and it taste so good. If you have never had duck I would highly suggest that you do try. This would be a great place for you to try duck as a first timer. Now the pork was very different. The pork was also on rice, but it also tasted different because of the sweeter profile. It almost had a candy like texture. And I was very happy having it. Unfortunately we weren't able to sit in the restaurant, so we took it over to the park and got to enjoy the weather and we even got to enjoy some locals doing some Dance or exercise. It was pretty entertaining. Good food and entertainment and great company goes along way.
5 I miss this place so much for their cheap everything. Their pork was better than any other Chinese restaurant at amazing prices. I hope you're still there when this pandemic is over! This was my go-to lunch place in Chinatown for a quick but filling and satisfying meal.
5 This spot is legendary for a reason. All you have to do is walk by and you'll know that. The line goes all the way down the block, even during a pandemic. That really says something about the quality, don't you think? The food here was fresh as can be, and the the ingredients were absurdly tasty. You have got to go here
5 The prices here can't be beat!!  If you're looking for great food with some of the cheapest prices in NYC, then look no further.  I split a combo meal with a friend that had all 3 types of meat (cha siu, chicken, and duck) as well as some stir fried cabbage that was hugeeee and plentiful for only $8!!  Although you may be suspicious of these prices, do not be turned off. The meat is delicious and fresh and the butcher will cut it right in front of you as he prepares your order. You can see all those glorious fatty juices seep from the meat and coat the rice with delicious flavor.  Out of the 3 meats, my favorites were the cha siu and the duck. Both were tender and juicy and I definitely recommend for first timers to get a combo to decide which meat they like the most because I do believe it varies from person to person.  The line was long when I came but once they take your order the process was very fast.
5 We followed the recommendations on Yelp and got duck, roast pork and pork belly (aka charsui). There's one guy behind the counter who is a pro at chopping the meat. He gave us generous portions of both meat and rice with cabbage. And then generously ladled juices over the rice. Everything tasted so good, even after a 15 minute walk home. This establishment always has a line. Now I understand why.
2 I heard raving reviews and decided to give it a go. It was meh. The chicken had too many little bones whilst eating and the rice was mush. I wouldn't come back to be honest.
5 If you are looking for that authentic chinese type of BBQ, look no further. This place is a hole in the wall that only allows 2 ppl inside at a time. There was a line when I visited and it just kept getting longer. I believe this is cash only so be prepared. The shop is basically a bit run down but honestly, the food always taste amazing in establishments like this lol.   My entire life, we had this kind of bbq for dinner most weeks. I love how the char siu here (roasted/bbq pork) has so much flavor. It might be the star of the show here. I was never into bbq pork like that but this place changed the game. I had opted for the 3 treasures so I can try most of the bbq items. I told the guy 3 treasures and he quickly turned around to make me my order. I had the char siu, roasted crispy pork and duck. All of the 3 items were delicious and it came with rice and cabbage. The portion was huge for only $7.50 which is amazing to me because it's so delicious. The only downfall to this is that it can get really greasy and it's not something to be craving most days.   I would say if you are into a sweet and savory type of dish, for sure go for the char siu. It's definitely mouth watering and you will not regret it.
5 So I made my way down to Chrystie St for this wonderful little spot..I ordered 2 ducks, pork and a few chickens for the holidays. The flavor of the food is on point. I loved the sweetness of the sauce.  I will be making my way back down after the holidays. I went early so the line wasn't too bad. I had about 4 people in front of me. If ever down in the city you have to stop by. The prices are also reasonable for what you get.
5 Authentic hole in the wall with huge portion sizes for the price. Meat cooked to perfection and delicious.
5 If you ask me my favorite place to eat in all of nyc I would have to say it's Wah Fung. They truly are #1! My go to is roast pork, duck, pork belly combo.
5 SOOOOOOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!! No where to sit and eat so it's just a buy and go type of place but i have no complaints. Sooooo much food for so cheap
5 This spot has been on my list for years and I was finally able to cross it off earlier this year.  Since then I've visited almost once every other week.  It is a hole-in-the-wall with a line that is, most of the time, out the door.  The line goes pretty quickly so don't be discouraged when the line starts to go around the corner.  It's worth the wait, I promise.    They serve roasted pork, char siu, duck, and chicken.  They are well known for their roast pork, char siu, and duck but mostly made known for their char siu.  So if you are only getting one meat, get the char siu.  The plate comes with white rice, steamed cabbage, choice of meat, and a couple ladles of a consome type sauce.  The small is more than enough to fill you up, but I always wanted leftovers from here so the large was the way to go for me.  They also have this green ginger sauce that you can ask for, if you like ginger, I'd recommend it.  This spot is definitely one of my absolute favorite finds in the city.  Seriously great food for a great price.
5 Food (2/2): Pork. What else do you need? BBQ pork so luscious your eyes melt into it. With every bite, you're craving for more. Crunching sound reverberates through your head as you take a bite of that crispy pork, sending shivers down your spine while your mouth savors its meat--so tender and juicy. Warmth then goes through your body as you munch through the rice--honestly, it's rice; nothing special. Yet soon after, a bite of the cabbages breathes freshness into your mouth, cleansing your soul. Your whole being caught in this loop...until...the plate is completely cleaned and you're left with this void in your soul--need.more.pork. On a side note, I've heard that they are actually known for their duck though but I personally haven't tried it (maybe next time).   Service/wait-time/cleanliness (1.5/2): Service is amazing. If you can't speak Mandarin, there might be occasional miscommunication here and there but generally a non-issue. Wait-time is varied but typically, there will always be a line in this place--it's that good. If you go here too late, sometimes the crispy pork is all gone. Cleanliness is not their strong point but given the place and what they have, it's amazing that they've kept it well-maintained.  Price (1/1): Are you kidding? I can literally feed myself for 2-3 days for less than what I'd spend eating a single portion of ramen? Sign me up!
5 This is a classic Cantonese roastery across the block from the end of grand St park. Back in the day you could find stacked boxes of meat and rice for only $5.00, but due to covid and inflation prices have gone up to around $6.50. It's still an excellent deal, nonetheless. The master roaster and butcher chops up a mountain of meat for each order. They serve char siu, roast pig, roast duck, soy sauce chicken, and more. My personal favorites are the char siu half fatty, half lean, and the roast pig. There's a wonderful crunch from the roast pig and a delectable sweetness to contrast the savory dish. You absolutely can't go wrong with any fish though. Everything is made in house, and for Manhattan it's an absolute steal. Go crazy and try all the meats.
5 Had the half roast pork and half char sui on rice with veggies - for 7 dollars, this is the best meal I've eaten in NYC, I love this place! Will definitely be back again from Canada to have this amazing food again!
4 Even with COVID, this restaurant has super long lines. We waited for about 20 mins for their signature cheap yummy roast pork over rice. I've come here a few years ago and remember it being amazing and wanted to relive that. The small roast pork rice comes with some cabbage as well. They pour seasoned soy sauce over the rice and meat so it is flavorful. One thing I did notice was that the rice was stuck together and mushy. I prefer rice cooked so that the grains are individual. If you're looking for a cheap lunch, this is the spot. But if you're willing to spend a few more dollars, you can definitely get better quality elsewhere.
4 The food & pricing is absolutely great. Truly a hidden gem in an area that has been getting more and more gentrified as the years pass. The only reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5 is because the sodium content in all the meats is OFF THE CHARTS. Keep in mind this is fast food. This food is in no means healthy for you , but it is absolutely delicious. As someone who lives about 45 minutes away in Long Island, I find myself making a trip over almost every other week. Just can't seem to get enough ! If the owner see's this I'd love to see you guys open another branch towards Queens / Long Island.
5 Small place full of single line and I have to say, it's worth it! Small portion is $4.50 and I got myself a char siu with rice and cabbage and It was delicious and pretty much a quick service! Even a lot of influencers from the media, celebrities even come here to get something to eat. Across the street is a park where you can enjoy eating around there and I personally think it is one of the best food I've eaten for a great price. I totally recommend getting a small portion of char siu with rice and the crispy pork along with it. It just melts your mouth and I have to say it's a go to spot to get lunch but there's always going to be a line everyday.
5 There's always lines out of this relatively tiny store, so already you know it's good. Mostly a fan of their pork, prices are as delicious as the food! :)
5 Amazing deal, delicious meal, and filling - seriously what more can you ask for?  I always get the bbq pork and roasted duck
4 When I decided to explore food in Chinatown, I came across this very well known place with great reviews and are on a lot of lists of places to eat in the area.   It is true there is a line and always seems like there is. It's also true this place is very affordable. I got the small portion - half of pork and half of duck with rice and cabbage for $5. I really liked the pork / it seems similar to the boneless spare ribs from a Chinese corner spot but this pork was fresh, tender and it's sweetness was perfect. The duck was also good - tender and had good flavor.   The rice was a bit mushy - I wish it was jasmine rice instead. I would definitely recommend the pork instead of the duck - unless you really like duck.
5 This place is absolutely worth ALL the hype! I'm just so disappointed how long it's taken me to try the food here despite all the times I've stayed and been to NYC over the years.  We got their roast duck and roast pork since they seemed like some of the most popular items on the menu. WOW! The roast duck was amazing; I can still taste the mixture of cabbage and fatty roast duck skin with the roast duck sauce smothered on top of the white rice. Just writing that right now makes me crave it.  The roast pork was also extremely good - not too sweet, which is important to me! Super balanced char siu.   I definitely liked the roast duck more but they were both great. I wish I also had an appetite for their roast pig because that looked perfectly crisped.   Also, it was $10 TOTAL for both a small roast pork and roast duck! "Small" is also relative. They are very generous with the portion of food they give you. Extremely affordable when it could have been priced so much higher for the amazing quality of food.   This shop is definitely no frills. Great food, fast service, and extremely affordable. Bring cash!!
4 This might be Chinatown's most popular restaurant as there are always lines out the door, regardless of day, time, weather or pandemic. There is no dining-in but Wah Fung is popular especially with non-Chinese and students are its healthy portion size, relatively low price and location - close to schools, parks and the subway.   I always get their roast pork and ask for skinny although often it still isn't skinny. Each roast pork piece is unique in its own very way but tasty, crispy and juicy. Remember to ask them for ginger scallion oil!  Don't let the dingyness of the restaurant scare you off - the BBQ meats here are excellent.
1 Fung bros food, you guys the reason i tried this place. My mother and I was here yesterday morning and We  tried two large roasted duck, both of them is salty i mean it's very very salty. I'm sorry just honest experience.
5 Chinatown staple. Absolutely incredible spot for char Siu and roast pork over rice. Super cheap too.
5 Wah Fung's reputation precedes itself and for good reason -- amazing and affordable bowls. Their roast pork is my favorite but their duck is so affordable and accessible and great as well. Don't skip out of the veggies (cabbage), the best part of the meal.
5 Came here on an Asian food crawl. Got the small roast pork with veggies to split between three people. You get plenty of meat and it is sweet and flavorful. Highly recommend ordering in Chinese because I did not and I think they skimped on the sauce. So the rice could have been saucier but still this was delicious and such a good deal!
5 The best ever place for roast meat. The chicken is my fav, but everything is delicious. Extremely affordable and tasty.
5 Amazing tiny little spot. No outdoor or indoor seating so it's just grab and go. There's usually a line outside but it goes by quickly. The best dish is the roast pork with white rice and veggies. Highly recommend
5 Cheap, no-frills and really tasty! Get the roast pork and char siu (barbecue pork), it's the best I've had in the USA. Flavorful, juicy and the roast pork has a great mix of tender pork and crispy skin.
5 During the height of COVID, we are willing to bike for 45 minutes from upper east side to Chinatown to pick up some roast pork over rice from this place. The pork is always perfectly tender and flavorful, sweet, savory, and full of umami. When they poor that spoonful of sauce over your rice, you know that is it. Rice is the souls of this dish. For $7 you get a perfectly balanced meal. It's the place you go back again and again. The food hits the spot for you all the time.
5 This spot blows my mind on how cheap the food is for what you're getting. At $4.50 per "small" tin of rice, char siu pork, and drizzle of veggies, this place can't be beat for a quick meal (although the line is usually pretty long likely for good reason). I honestly split one of the smalls with a friend (although we weren't terribly hungry) and felt like it was enough food. At $4.50 it also makes these meals cheaper than any bubble tea you can find at chain restaurants. Crazy!  You'll have an easier experience if you're able to speak Mandarin or Cantonese but you can probably get by with pointing if you don't. Check it out!
5 Literally the best place in Chinatown! There is always a line but the service is super quick! There is four types of meat: roasted duck, roasted pork, fried pork, and chicken. Definitely try the duck and fried pork. If you put up the three sign for combination, they will give you duck and both pork. Highly recommend this combination. So delicious! CASH ONLY!
4 You can't beat the price for the quality you get at Wah Fung. I always get the crispy pork, defaulting to roasted duck if they run out. There is no seating, just take out (this applies for pre-covid days as well). The line can get pretty long around lunch or dinner time but it's worth it.   The container can get kind of sticky/oily from the food, so make sure you ask for napkins. This place is great if you're looking for something cheap and quick!
5 This is one of my all time favorite NY spots. They are to the point: no seating, three items, same people chopping and serving every time. Every time I make my pilgrimage down here I fall in love. The meat is succulent, soft, and flavorful, the cabbage is tender and juicy, and the rice is soaking up that beautiful sauce they pour on top. The price-point is also unbeatable with my usual costing just $7. I considered not writing a review because I don't need more people lining up down the block with me, but I had to give them the credit that they are due.
5 So cheap and delicious. 7.50 for the 3 meat large which is large enough for me to share with my boyfriend. My favorite is the pork and he likes the duck, but we usually get the 3 meat for the variety. At 6pm dinner time the line is usually 10-15 people deep but they move pretty quick.
5 Best bang for your buck and delicious to boot! Long lines but so worth it. Whether its pre or post covid, you can count on them to deliver on the flavor and affordability. Portions are great compared to other places. Make sure to bring cash!
5 *covid-19 experience*  There is always a line at this place. The store is very small and they only allow two customers inside at a time. Take out only +cash only.  The food was great and I can't choose which one from the chicken, pork, and duck was the best. They were all great. The duck skin was caramelized to perfection. For $7.50, the portion size was huge and I couldn't finish the serving by myself.
5 $4.50  I'll get back to that number in a sec, but first the roast pork here is outstanding.  I'd say for sure if not the best I've ever had, definitely one of the best I've ever had.  It's flavorful, tender and some pieces just melt in your mouth.  It's sweet like Char Sui should be, with being overly so.  There is just the right amount of texture in the meat to remind you that you are eating pork.  So if the best roast pork ever doesn't pique your interest, how about the fact that $4.50 is all you need to enjoy top notch Char Sui.  That's how much it costs for small order of Roast Pork over rice (with some veggies thrown in) which I will say is one of the best values in the whole dam city.    So with the lower cost, Wah Fung does have limitations.  Wah Fung may not look like much, it isn't a sit down restaurant, it is also cash only and maybe sometimes the guy taking your order is grumpy.  But if you're willing to overlook a little, stick to knowing what you want before you get to the counter to order, maybe have exact change which is preferred and leave promptly after receiving your food to enjoy anywhere you choose, I think your experience will be just as great as mine.  Luckily, there is a park across the street if you need to chow down ASAP.
5 Amazing food. The char siu pork was cooked perfectly and served with boiled cabbage and rice. The portion sizing is BIG for the price you pay for. There may be a line outside, but the mans moves quick and it's worth the wait. Would go out of my way to order again!
5 This place is a diamond in the rough. The food options are limited but worth it. The food here is absolutely delicious. Great portion and fantastic price. So far I would only recommend this place in China town
5 Delicious!!! Ordered a plate with pork and duck, which only cost 7 dollars. The meat was very tender and juicy and it came with a good amount of rice as well as some cooked cabbage. The line went pretty fast.
5 One of our go-to takeout places for bbq pork and roast pork in Chinatown. There is usually a line out the door but it's worth the wait.   We like the roast pork for the crunchy skin and bbq pork for the sweet and salty flavor! Pairs well with rice and some side vegetables.
5 Best duck in town. For $11, you can get a half of duck. Service is fast. Get in and order and get out. Generally there is a long line because of how good this place is.   It is a really small and narrow place. So be prepared to know what you want when you get to the front.   Everyone is wearing a mask so that's a plus.
4 Tried the crispy pork (Chicharrones), roasted pork, and duck. Roasted pork is a bit sweet for my liking and the duck I like but too many bones to pick. The crispy pork is where its at, the juicy meltiness of the fatty part mixed with the crackley crunch of the skin is fuhgeddaboudit. Bonus secret: Ask for the green garlic sauce. Extra. Will change your lyfe. Can't eat this everyday, but when you need the fix... it delivers.
5 Usually when you include "No 1" in your name, you are either egomaniacal, have a loose grip of the English language or both of the above. Rarely does a place live up to the name; as this place does!   There was a regular that was standing in line ahead of us that said the "duck doesn't look good today," but to my suburban taste buds, they nail it.  He recommended the roast pig (NOT to be confused with the roast pork); and Whooooo-wee! The skin was crispy and the meat juicy and they pour some crack juice... I mean, duck juice over it all which makes the rice and cabbage even more flavorful!   Not to mention this place is unreasonably reasonably priced (no, you're an oxymoron..). I adore cheap eats that are cheap in price but not in taste--and this is a prime example of one!
4 COVID dining - Got the large 2 meat combo (duck + pork) for $7 - They have a small tin container size for $5 - The combo comes with cabbage and rice - Walk in to pick up and go - The portion sizes are great for the price. - I'm told that there's usually a line but we went on a week day during lunch time - Loved their pork but I wish they had plum sauce available. I went and got some myself after getting take out - Will definitely stop by again if I'm in the area
5 can anything beat wah fung ??? this price and quality is truly the best of the BEST. i love the pork much more than the duck but both are honestly amazing. make sure to bring your cash though!
4 Nothing beats WF in terms of price and a filling meal! Even the small size is enough to fill you up! Glad they still have great business and are open during Covid-19. The meat was good, but I felt that they could maybe include a bit more cabbage (or possibly any other vege too like carrots but not complaining esp given the price). My little box had two leaves of cabbage, so I felt that maybe they could either put some more instead of a huge bed of rice or just none at all. The meat is delicious though but too much rice for me!
4 The crispy roast pork is THE BEST I've ever had. So so so good!!! For $7 you cannot go wrong. The pork skin is crispy and the meat itself is soft and tender. Perfectly salted. And they pour some of the sauce in the rice. I also have had their roast duck and char siu, but they both pale in comparison to the crispy roast pork. So so good!!!
5 I've ordered the small soy sauce chicken with roast pork over rice a few times and I'm always satisfied.  They provide a generous portion of meat, vegetables, and rice.  The meat always has the right amount of saltiness and sweetness.  Their prices for their dishes are very reasonable, and I highly recommend waiting on line to try this place out!
5 As their name contains 'No 1', their rice platter worths every dime.   Their signature dishes are pork and duck over rice. Of all, Their roasted pork over rice is so good- the braised pork shoulder comes with skin and sweet sauce and matches with cooked Napa cabbage and rice. This platter is a bargain for just under $5. (small platter) Eating duck is sort of special occassion- the dish is at least $50. You can enjoy the duck at this place for less. As duck meat gives more flavor and beef like texture, I am a savvy peking duck lover, and can't imagine to have duck platter without hoisin sauce- you get the sauce when you go to fancy peking duck place. My expectation was wrong, and it was quite delicious that the meat was quite well blended with the house special sauce.  I highly recommend this place to fill up for a meal and feel happiness under $10 in Manhattan. Only downside of this place is 'Cash Only'.
5 the Three Treasures Rice (三寶飯) from Wah Fung in New York. Big portions for a great price, very juicy thick cuts of meat. These guys don't skimp on the portions. Local favorite and always a line out the door.   A takeout place for sure, no seating available but thats ok. Its not that kind of establishment. Some people would say its dirty and dingy, but thats just the ages interior from cooking oils. Food prep area is covered in the delicious juices from the foods that they serve. They provide great food quickly and thats quality service for me. Unrealistic for people to expect restaurant style service and decor from this old school eatery.
5 Great prices and food ! Come early and get a bit of everything !!! Oh and it's cash only but there's atms all around the block !
5 I was here earlier today, had to grab a quick lunch. Perfect for a keto diet like myself, I choose a small order of roast pig with cabbage no rice [$5.50]. I really like their meat here because some places sell roast pig as well but if they dont clean em well and cook it right it will leave a stinky smell and taste from the pig, but I didnt taste it here which is perfect. I frequent this spot when I'm in Chinatown.
5 (7/2/20) cant believe this is my first time trying this place! the portions are huge for the price! i got an order of roast duck and barbecued pork (char siu) with rice and veggies for only $7-8!! i wish they gave more veggies but honestly i cant complain because the meat was cooked well and tasted delicious and is definitely worth the price! btw they are cash only. i can for sure see myself coming back in the future!
5 Best som bo fan in New York. Best char siu over rice in New York. Can't find anyplace like this anywhere else. I would make a detour in the city for roast pork over rice any day. The small would suffice. The meat is packed to the brim. The pork is so awesome. When you come here, just go for the roast pork. Don't be fooled by the other spots. Just don't forget that they are closed on Mondays. You will be disappointed for traveling all the way there.
5 Some of the best roast pork I've ever had, truly amazing. The chicken is also good, but not sure it matches up in comparison.
5 Cheap and amazing bbq spot in Chinatown. Been coming here the past 2 years and never have been disappointed. They are super quick and the man speak English which is a plus!
4 2nd time here. I found this place via a fb video. Decided I needed to get some good food. There was a line but it moves quickly. They only allowed 2 people in at a time, which I appreciate.   This plate of food can easily feed 2 people. There is no seating, but there is a park right across the street. What are folks ordering? You have a choice of duck, roast pork, chicken and crispy pork.... comes over rice and cabbage. Enjoy!
5 Lines were long even on a Sunday at 4pm during a pandemic, but it moves quickly and it's well worth the wait. There are a few ATMs nearby to get cash. I've had their char siu (bbq pork), roast duck, and roast pig (crispy pork belly) multiple times and it is always juicy, fatty, smoky, salty, a little sweet, and so delicious. If you don't know what to get, get the char siu because it's a classic, but I really recommend adding some roast duck or roast pig to make it a well-rounded feast. Pictured is a large container with half duck and half char siu. I usually skip the rice if I can make the rice at home - get more meat!
5 Yelping be in New York City can be a game of disappointment, especially during Covid. The race to the top sometimes mean that the restaurant with five stars that looks so good on Yelp has already closed before you even got to try it. Definitely not the case here. We got off the d train looking for a snack before the exciting afternoon grocery shopping trip and Yelp steered us here. The 15-person deep line outside was comprised of giddy food tourists and seasoned locals, and boded well for our lunch plans. Delicious smells hits you first, then the site of meets being roasted chopped and served in heaping portions.   We got a triple combo of pork duck and chicken for 7:50, and ate the whole thing in the park across the street. It was juicy smokey and entirely delicious! The cannibal pigeons in the tree above we're definitely eyeing us with particular interest.   I freaking love New York what else can I say?
5 For an Asian American, this is the best Chinese fast food place to go. The food is cheap and it is filling. A small is around 4 dollars and a larger is around 6 dollars. The place is small so its hard to get in and out. The place isn't a dine-in. There's always a huge line in front of the door however, the wait isn't long. The workers are quick, professional, and work at a stable pace.
4 I heard from people about how I should try this place and that they have one of the best roast pork in all of New York.  I stopped by there yesterday and luckily for me, the line was short enough.  By the time I got to the front of the line, they almost ran out of the chicken.  I only got 1/4 portion of the roast duck, and ordered separately roast pork.  Lastly, I got a roast pork with rice and vegetable for $6.50 ish.  They did give a ton of cooked cabbage so that was good to see.  Roast pork is pretty good and turnover is very quick.  I do like the sweet glaze sauce that came with the roast pork alone portion.  Again, this The menu is very simple, and the owners do speak English.  They do have a huge following so I am sure there are a ton of diehard fans.
3 Quick and easy, the lines are normally long but we hit this place up just after 10:30a in order to avoid the crowds (and it was still a short line). $4.50 for a roast pork or chicken over rice w/ some veggies - best deal in the area for a hearty meal.  The roast duck ($21 whole, $11 half) is good, though salty and not as flavorful as the place in Flushing, but still satisfies some cravings.
3 Cheap and deep. Quick meals.  This wouldn't be my first spot to hit if I wanted char siu in Chinatown, however their secret sugar sauce over the roast pork, rice and side of veggies can't be beat. They pack the container to the brim. Usually a line but it moves, quickly. Father and son behind the counter serves 2 costumers simultaneously.
5 Delicious chai Shaw!! I order 3 combo that comes with bbq pork, roast chicken and roast duck. All very tasty. Huge portion, low price. I don't think you can get a better deal in lower Manhattan. They open during pandemic. Hi support!
4 Really good duck!  I like to take it to-go and cook on my fry pan to make it extra crispy!
4 I was thrilled to learn that Wah Fung reopened recently after closing due to Covid-19. Yes there was a line due to social distancing but it moved fast.  They're still cash only and still as delicious. Support small businesses!
5 Wah Fung! The definition of no-frills. The ratio of number of reviews to 4/5-star ratings should also tell you something. As a kid, whenever my mom and I would take the Chinatown bus to Boston or DC, we always stopped here for some lunch on the road (and proceeded to stink up the entire bus but everyone else was too busy cracking sunflower seeds to care). I think the price has gone up maybe half a dollar over the past ten years, which is nuts, considering how much food you get. A broke college student could easily squeeze maybe 2-3 meals out of one large portion.   My favorites: the super tender cha siu pork and roast duck. You're free to mix and match the various meat combinations - I've also had the pork belly (which is a bit too fatty for me, given how much they give you) and roast pork but I quite honestly have never had a better cha siu. They cook it a particular way to get a mouthwatering smokiness from the meat. I'm not a huge meat eater but I can put away a frightening amount of the roast duck.   They give you a ton of rice and cabbage to go with the meats. First, lest you think they're skimping you out with the meat by layering up the rice as filler, don't worry - they'll pack as much meat as possible into the container. Second, the fat and juices from all the meats soak into the rice. The best is when you actually let it sit overnight and then heat it up the next day. I used to buy a few portions back in college when I didn't have time to cook over finals and let's just say ... this was enough fuel to get me across the finish line for a lot of my worst classes.   Definitely do not skip if you are in the Chinatown area. In fact, I think it's a destination in of itself.
5 might be a little intimidating when looking in from the window but take a chance! can't get enough of it! best chicken and char siu ive ever had in the states. the meat is so juicy and tender. the sweet and savory sauce is oh-so amazing. support your local businesses today
5 Love the bbq pork! DELICIOUS! Amazing, moist and flavorful. The service is great! Quick, simple and easy. I can't wait to revisit :)
2 The food is okay. I don't think the place is clean and sometimes I go there because it cheap eat.
5 I have tried numerous restaurants in the Chinatown area, but this is simply the best. The flavor, and the price is why I am giving this place the best score possible. This restaurant does not offer seating, and therefore no wait staff. The only people serving are the chefs, and if you have ever met a chef in the kitchen, they are always grumpy. While you wait in line for your food, because the restaurant is tiny, you will have the time to decide whether you want one, two, or three meats for your lunch box. You can choose between Roasted Duck, Chicken, or Pork. They also have Crispy Skinned Pork. It comes with some vegetables on the side, and everything costs like between $6-$8. You can also just order the different meats, and take it home to share with loved ones.  Overall: This restaurant is super tiny, and will most likely have a line. The beauty of this restaurant is that it is super simple, super delicious, and super affordable. Give it a try if you do not mind the line, workers that do not speak English, and the fact that it is a hole in the wall.
4 Stopped by for a lunch here. I tried the large bbq pork and it was $7 CASH only. The restaurant is tiny and doesn't have any space to sit, so we sat in the park instead.  Rice, cabbage, and bbq pork, so simple yet so delicious. I would like to try the other styles of meat to compare them. The bbq pork is pretty simple and typical, but the roast duck and the roast pork looks delicious.
5 Wah Fung holds a special place in my heart. Not because it's some of the best Chinese BBQ around (it is). And not because it's incredibly cheap for the ridiculous portion sizes ($6.50 for a "large"??). But because when I came home from college on the dangerous Chinatown bus, my dad would pick me up and buy me a combo meat over rice from Wah Fung.  I recently went back because I was in the area and these Chinatown businesses need some support (due to all the idiots who stopped going to Chinatown because of Coronavirus fears). The line was pretty short. I hope it's just because it was a random Tuesday, but I reaped the benefits.  Waited just a few minutes, and it was my time to order. Got the char siu and the crispy roast pork belly. It took a lot of willpower not to start eating it on the subway home (since they don't have a seating area), but I made it all the way back, and was promptly rewarded with some delicious, fatty, diet-killing roast meat. The char siu was perfect, and the pork belly was so incredibly fatty and juicy. Not to mention the "sauce" they ladle on top of everything. I have no idea what's in it (and probably don't want to know), but it's amazing.  Oh, and there were some vegetables too.  Thankfully, I have a small shred of dignity left, so I saved some for lunch the next day. Delicious, fatty lunch.
5 You can't get better quality duck/Pork for the price. It was like getting meat and rice back in Hong Kong. Highly recommend.
2 I order the three meat with rice to only find out he only gave me one meat. It was my fault for not paying attention.  It's $5,  so it's not the end of the world but the dishonesty has lost them a lot of stars from me.   Make sure the person gives you exactly what you asked for.
3 I feel bad giving this place 3 stars.  I love to support the local mom and pops, especially in Chinatown.    That said, the food here to me is just so so.  The roast pork is just okay.  It doesn't have much taste.  Do not get the duck here.  I find they are very cheap with the duck here.  A majority of the time, my duck is all bones and no meat.  I have no idea what they do with their meatier pieces.  Do they keep it for themselves?  They are also skimpy on the sauce on the rice.  That is the best part.    This place is great for the convenience and price, but I would spend a little more money and go elsewhere for something that tastes good and higher quality.
5 Best place for a valued takeout lunch of Chinese BBQ meats over rice. Place is small, only a counter for ordering. There is always a line out the door but it moves fast. Longer line during lunch and evening hours. The roast pork or chicken over rice with vegetables is only $4.25. Very tasty and satisfying.
5 yes brother -- "pig" and "pork" mean different things here. get both. also duck. it's all gooe
5 I was called in for the dreaded jury summons. And of course I didn't eat breakfast, so while waiting for time to snail on by, I looked up cheap and tasty eats. So far today, finding this gem has been the only upside to being called for jury duty. For only $6 you get soooo much food! So tasty and cheap!
4 Overall delicious and you get a lot for the price! I went around 5pm on a Saturday and there was a line out the door but it moves quickly. I was looking forward to eating here since it's been all over YouTube reviews. I got the large portion with char siu and roast pork. The roast pork was tender and delish and the char siu was a little dry but still very good. I felt that our meat portion size was smaller than others, since I saw the older gentleman who was serving really packing on the meats but it was ok. Fast, delicious, and cheap!
5 Tasty, Cheap and Fast. Whenever in chinatown, this is a must. The food was great. The roasted Pork and Pig was perfect and flavorful. A must Try. Got a small half roasted pork(Char siu) and roast pig for 5 dollars.
3 Simple and delicious, Wah Fung No. 1 Fast Food doesn't offer an ounce of frivolity. Nor do they offer a place to sit, or apologies when they're out of something.   For $7, you can't beat a big tub of meat on a bed of cabbage and rice. I've sampled all of their offerings - oddly, I like their chicken the best - and you cannot beat the quantity. The quality isn't perhaps the peak of what's available in the area, but it's a very good intersection of the two.  The food here would be best enjoyed in the park across the street on a temperate day, but it's equally enjoyable on a rainy winter evening, standing under the adjacent awning. If you're eating your way around Chinatown, stick with the smaller portions, lest you miss out on more interesting options.
5 Literally, THE best Chinese BBQ we have EVER had. We were visiting NY from AZ and came across a ton of recommendations for this place. We walked long and far to find it, stood in line for over 10 mins - out the door in 20° weather (cold for us Arizonans) and it did not disappoint! We got the BBQ pork and Roast duck combo, came with rice and steamed veggies for under $7. Definitely the cheapest meal of our entire trip and probably the best tasting meal as well. Me and my boyfriend shared this because we wanted to explore as many restaurants, dessert and drink shops as possible. There are no tables inside nor outside. It's literally a stop and take to go establishment. We walked to the park across the street and ate at the benches there...7pm at night, in the winter. With that being said, this was STILL our favorite meal of the trip! We went back the next day before our flight because we couldn't get enough but they were closed!  oh well, just a hop and a skip away from our hotel in midtown. We got to explore China town one last time. Skip all the other bbq places and JUST come here!
4 There is a perpetual line going out the door of WAh Fung. I assumed the food is good and cheap enough to warrant the wait so I knew I'd make my move when I saw a chance!  I passed by Wah Fung on a Sunday at 10:45am and was surprised to find no line!  I walked in the door, ordered 3 large orders of roast pork over white rice to go.  Only $6 each for a huge portion of pork and cabbage.  I am mostly plant based but had to try a piece of pork.  I now understand why there is a line of people out the door on most days.  The pork isn't fatty, greasy or overly sweet. It's just right, succulent and satisfying.  You can't go wrong for $6!  There's so much pork in one order that my kids got 2 meals out of it and declared it top notch delicious!  I know they'd happily eat it again, I guess I'll be looking for my next opening soon.  After I left with my order, four people walked in and a line was soon forming out the door!
4 Shared a small roast duck and roast pork order between two people as a snack and it was pretty filling! I liked the roast pork more because the duck had bones and was a little difficult to eat, especially since there's no seating. Line was out the door, but it went by rather quick since people just order and go. Very cheap for the amount of food you get.
5 Ahhh Wah Fung. Number 1. Seen in subtle asian traits, I knew I should check this place out the next time I'm in NYC. There's not that much people so we were able to get our food in less than 5 minutes, so we probably got lucky. As we went with a large group, props to the worker that continued hustling while we kept on ordering, while he was under the impression that this dish is the last dish he will need to prepare for us, but only to be told to make another dish. He didn't complain at all or got annoyed with the slightest bit, especially because I tried ordering (successfully) in Cantonese.  We pretty much got the entire menu in small or large portions. I personally split the bbq pork, chicken, and duck combo with a friend which was just $7 total, or $3.50 per person, for a lot of food! The quality is definitely at about the level of the Cantonese BBQ places I have tried back in the San Gabriel valley in SoCal, but prices are much much lower. The only minor issue is that the duck has a good number of loose bones, but the BBQ pork is flavorful and did not contain a lot of fat. If you only had 1 dish to order, I would say to go with the BBQ pork rice small portion. It would be a nice snack or light meal, or you can fill yourself up a bit more by getting just one more order of some dish on the menu, and you would still be aiming at under $10!
4 Decided to check this place out with some friends after seeing it on the Insider. There was a line when we arrived, but we waited around 15 minutes max. We got our food pretty much right after ordering. My friends and I got a large roast duck and pork belly ($6.50) Both came with cabbage, white rice and a few spoonfuls of their respective juices (yum). The pork belly was my favorite out of the two.The skin was super crispy! It was slightly too salty but the white rice and cabbage helped offset it. My friend said he was going to go back and get just the pork belly ($9). The roast duck was okay, each bite I had mainly consisted of bones with little meat so I was disappointed about that since my friends had raved about it before. I'll definitely come back to try the char siu and give the roasted duck another chance. All in all, worth the price and wait! Remember to bring cash though if you visit.
5 I have been dying to try this place!! This time when I traveled to NY I had to make sure to stop by, it was totally worth the 30 mins wait. I got a small roast pork with rice and veggies and I'm so amazed by the price and how much you get! The line moves pretty fast so I didn't really mind waiting in line for it. It was hot and the pork was so tasty. They have other options of course which I did t get the chance to try but I for sure recommend this place if anyone is around the area or like me would travel far for this place!!
4 Wah Fung is a fantastic condensation slicked hole in the wall where your main interest should be the roast pork on rice. Take my boyfriend's lead and order a double size because if you're a novice like me, you'll finish your single order and wish you had more. A single and a double will run you up less than $12.00, cash only. Your takeout container is assembled swiftly with fluffy white rice, steamed or stewed cabbage, enough pork to give you adequate rice to meat ratio'd bites, all topped with a steaming ladle of simmered pork jus.  Docking one star because I'm not 100% certain if the gentleman changes his gloves in between chopping up the proteins and handling money in the makeshift register of a cardboard box.
4 Fast service, cheap prices, and relatively good food. Went early one morning, right after they opened, so there was no wait and no line. (I know that they've been getting some fame and gaining in popularity, and I do see lines when I pass by in the afternoons.) Note that they are cash only, so make sure that you come prepared.  I ordered a large portion of the roast duck and the roast pork, which comes with rice and cabbage. For a large portion, I received a leg of the duck and several slices of pork. Despite the skin being juicy and the meat being dark, the roast duck was dry. I'm not usually a fan of roast duck so this didn't surprise me. The roast pork, on the other hand, was also surprisingly dry, which did disappoint me. There was a bit of variance: some pieces of it were juicy and flavorful, while others were tougher. The cabbage was a welcome addition and softened some of the fattier tones of the meat.  Despite a dry touch, I have no complaints because the whole shebang only cost me $6.50 and the portion sizes were huge. (Mind the fifty cents, which is what happens, I assume, when you combine two meats: I'd assumed it was only $6 and was almost short.) The large was able to feed me for three different meals! What a steal, honestly. I'll be back, and next time I'll just have the pork.
5 Just a small place but such a huge bang for a buck. Food is great. I love their veggie. Roast duck is sooo yummy. Will try their crispy pork next time. A large 2 choices of meat served with rice and veggies is $6. Cannot get any meal cheaper than that in NYC with same quality food. The shop is really busy. The line of people keeps getting longer and longer so prepare yourself sometimes
5 Th roast pork was good, the line was long today, but the service was fast! thanks for the good deal!
5 Still my favorite char-siu on the block!!! Went ten minutes before closing and food was still yummy. Asked for the $4.5 charsiu with veggies and rice. Went back in line and they ran out so I got the pork with rice. Pork was a bit salty and too fatty. If that's your thing, try it out!
5 Ordered roast pig, roast duck and roast pork for a party of 10 and the roast pig takes the spot of the crowd pleaser. Personally, I'm a fan of the roast pork (it's still from pig but its the tender version dipped in the Chinese version of bbq sauce). The roast pork was popular because of the crunchy texture of the skin, combined with plain, tender pork. I'm a fan of duck although that's probably the crowd's least favorite because you have to remove bones when you eat. Plus, some people find duck a little too exotic - only for the adventurous ones!  I came here at 3pm on a Saturday. There's still a line but not as long as I normally would expect. It's cheap and cash only.
5 Get the roasted pork over white rice!! It's under $5 and worth the hype!! With so many tourist traps in NYC, this place was a true hidden gem.
4 Wanted to grab a quick and tasty lunch while I was in Chinatown for the day and this did not disappoint!  I came on a Friday during the lunch hour before the line got too long; I waited probably for about 10 minutes before being able to order.  I got the small rice combo with veggies and roast pork.  They drizzle sauce on it and it's like liquid gold.  $4.25 for everything; not bad!  The flavour of the roast pork itself was sweet and salty, erring more on the sweet side.  Pieces were of varying size and some were fattier than others.  Went perfect with the rice!!!
5 Hands down the best Chinese takeout!! Roast Pork or Chicken rice plate for $4.25. And it's one of the best slice of roast pork in all of Chinatown. Beware the will be a line out the door!! The rice "plate" comes in a white box with sautéed Napa cabbage, with tons of white rice, and yummy roast pork. The chicken option is a roasted leg quarter. The do have duck wings, roast duck, and roast pork ala carte. If you're on foot just go across to the park and enjoy your yumminess.
2 Beware of the chopping block they use. I found bits of the block littered all over my food. So disappointed.
3 The combo boxes look like good deals on the surface, but your experience may vary greatly. They feature rice, cabbage, and your choice of up to three meats - roast pork, roast duck, or roast chicken.  I tried a roast pork and roast duck combo and found both meats to be barbequed and/or marinated perfectly, except that the helping of roast duck I got was almost completely bony. Probably should have ordered just the roast pork.  So if you stick to just the roast pork, a large box is only $6.00 compared to $4.25 for the small. For the best value, getting the former seems a no-brainer. But that's assuming that the roast pork that you do get isn't too fatty.
5 Wah Fung No 1 definitely lives up to the hype! Stopped by to grab an order of the Roasted Duck and Pork and let me tell you, it definitely hit the spot. Both the duck and pork were juicy and flavorful. The salty/sweetness was just right. The rice had a mix of the sauce and the fat dripping off of the meats (in the best way possibly), it was a mix of absolute deliciousness. We devoured the plate in minutes.  Like everyone has said, the place itself is tiny. It's literally just a hole in the wall where the employees spew out and chop up the delicious meats, box them with rice, and dish them out to the customers.  Since they're always on the move getting orders out, you know you'll always get a nice and hot fresh order. There's no seating inside the space, there's barely even room for 5-6 people to get into the restaurant to pick up their orders. We went to a nearby bench to feast on our duck and pork.   Highly recommend if you're in the Chinatown area. It's a must try for first timers!
5 A little hole in the wall gem smack dab in Chinatown, Flushing. Craving for some comfort food on a cold winter day? Ooo, look no further, you can grab a rice plate loaded with fatty goodness of roasted pork or chicken (small or large...but go big and then go home) ordered the roasted pork and it was quite tender, juicy and smothered in oily goodness over rice and boiled cabbage. Definitely a meal worth splurging in caloric intake.
3 Not the best place for duck. I have had way better duck in California. The duck here tastes very....boney and flavorless. Even their rice is whatever. I had higher standards about how good this place is due to people boasting about it. What I guess I like about this place is that its quick to order your food. However the place is very crampy and narrow to walk in and out.
5 Always a line, even in 20 degree weather. Anything less than 5 stars is an insult to all new Yorkers. It's very different than your typical chinese place with pork. They use 2 types of sauces, their pork is from heaven, their bok choy is delicious. Their prices are amazing.
5 Can't beat meat and vegetable with jus over rice for $ 4.25. No matter what day or time you go there is a line but it moves VERY fast.
5 Classic Chinatown takeout spot. I always get the small three meat combo 三寶飯 (roast pork, duck, and chicken) for $5 which also comes with cabbage, white rice, and a ladle of gravy on top. The container looks small but they really pack the food in there, so much that I usually have leftovers. Btw don't be alarmed by the line, it moves really fast
5 This place is a really small shop that will always have a line, but it's worth it! The meat was super tender and juicy. I went there multiple times and they can sometimes get inconsistent, but still good regardless. I definitely recommend the crispy and roasted pork. They don't have any seating, but there is a park across the street that's perfect for eating this bowl!
4 Cheap, greasy, delicious roast duck and pork, chopped up right in front on you. Comes with rice and cabbage. This place is an expert and making the limited options they serve - if you're looking for variety, look elsewhere. Long lines during lunch time but they move fast. Appears to be family run business - the whole assembly is super efficient. Definitely not a sit down inside and eat place but there are parks across the street with plenty of benches.
5 All I can say is must try. Prices were affordable which is important. Food was amazing. There was no eating area inside but it shouldn't stop you guys from getting good food here.
5 It's great for the price. No place to sit so it's all to go (the park is right there and has ample places to sit if the weather permits) and you just wait in line (usually out the door) but the guys in there work fast. Cash only. Super delicious. It's on my "hole-in-the-wall-crawl".
5 I normally HATE duck - until I stumbled across this place! It's a hole in the wall Chinese spot that specializes in pork and duck and is cash only. I got the small order of duck, which comes with rice and veggies. Hands down the best duck I've had in a while. Don't be fooled by the outside/NYC hole charm - this place is amazing!
4 No frills take out place. Menu is on the wall, very limited selection. I got a small pork over rice, they also pour some juice on the top. If there is a line, it will move quick so you better know what you want and have cash ready. There is no seating in this place so we walked across the street and eat it in the park.
5 I've walked past Wah Fung many times but have never tried the food. I ordered a large roasted pork and chicken with white rice. For only $6.50, you get a huge amount of food. The meats were big and tender. I love the not so sweet bbq sauce on the pork. It also comes with vegetables on the bottom of the tray. Delicious!
2 Overrated. Got the roast duck and pork two item combo.  There were barely any meat on the roast duck and the pork was very very fat.  Won't go back again.
4 Cheap food with good portions.  You can't complain.  They have some of the best rice rolls, so come here for breakfast.  They have some of the best bbq roast pork, it is a super tiny place and the line goes out the door.  Close to grand street train station.  Hard to find parking in this neck of the woods.  Prices are very reasonable and the line goes quick.  Come early or they will run out of what you want.  One for the best places in Chinatown, take out only. No tables.
5 Cheap, causal delicious. It's hard to find a meal for less than 10 in the city. Roast pork over rice for $4.25 or a large (for 2 ppl) for $6.00. VALUE.   The roast pork is definitely on the fatty side but it's so flavorful. They also pour sauce on top of it so the rice and cabbage also soaks in the flavor.  Even if there is a line, it moves quick. No complaints for this value meal.
5 For the price of $4.74 you get a lot of food. The Char Siu is amazing. The best I ever had. I would definitely recommend you come here when is China town.
4 This place is a great spot grab and go I gave 4 Stars because I feel like the cooks  handle money and then serves you they never wash there hands before serving the next person
5 Amazingly simple and perfect. Best price around makes it even better. Grab a bench across the street and take in the sounds and energy of the neighborhood.
5 Roast pork and rice was delicious. Best I've ever had. Make sure to include this in your visit to New York.  Fast service.
4 This was $6.50, cheap by NYC standards. My go to place when I feel skinny and am craving for pork. Since they are takeaway only, I usually end up at the park opposite, watching kids play basketball - best in spring and fall.
5 Absolute classic. I've been eating here for almost a decade. Come here if you're looking to fill yourself up for a very low price.
4 $4.75-5 for a box of rice, cabbage, and roast pork (at least I'd recommend the pork) all chopped in front of your face with a giant cleaver on a wooden block. Another of my Chinatown favorites to grab while I watch people in the nearby park be way too good at handball. Just make sure to be willing to wait a few minutes outside because people are always at this place, but for good reason.   Keep the bright red swine a slingin Wah Fung.
5 Absolutely Amazing!!!  The pork was  so juicy and tasty. The duck was moist with yummy with delicious skin. I wouLd opt for a small next time. Way too much rice for me in the large and I would  just do meat and cabbage. I was just intimidated Being my first time and can not wait to go back.  Now I know!!
5 Atmosphere - 5  Service - 5  Food - 5  Some people may disagree with my view of the atmosphere in this restaurant, but it boasts an accurate look into a traditionally Chinese restaurant. It brings a calm nostalgia that reminds me home isn't so far away. I'm also happy that the restaurant is understanding of my sloppy Mandarin skills. Even 100% English speakers will have no issues ordering. The service is fast and affordable. Given the low price point, the food may seem like it would have subpar quality and taste, but this is far from the truth. I'm amazed at how juicy the meat, the vegetables, and even the rice is. By adding the toppings and sauces on top of the rice, it ensures that you aren't left with a dry bed of carbs. I couldn't stop myself and devoured my portion before I could even get on the subway. The pork skin is crispy and delicious. The cabbage is stewed perfectly, and the rice is even slightly sweet. Sometimes simple means better, Wah Fung being a great example.
5 I came here with my family on our trip to NYC. This was definitely one of the places I wanted to eat at. We got 4 large roasted pork/duck/chicken plates, one for each of us. Definitely a mistake lol, 3 would have been enough. If you're eating by yourself then 1 small order is enough honestly. I got sick of the oiliness after eating the large even though the food was delicious.  Pros: 1.) The food is amazing! All the meats were really good. My favorite was actually the chicken.  2.) The cabbage that is included is a nice touch. Cuts down on the oiliness. 3.) Prices are amazing! Like $6-7 for an entire box stuffed with food. I don't think you'll be able to find a better deal for food this good in NYC.  Cons: None! COME HERE!!!
5 Personally I do not eat lots of meat nor do I consider myself meat lover. However their cha sui is by far the best in Chinatown. Lines are often long during peak hours but it's worth the wait. They offer a great combo selections with rice and vegetable with your choice of meat. Their rice box is often packed full to an extend they need to staple the box or rubber band it. Other than rice there are rice rolls and rice vermicelli as well. Another popular option is rice noodle with fish ball.  There are no seating at all. And there are no space to make additional movement.  They are closed on Monday. There is no bathroom for customers. Definitely recommend a must have when visiting Chinatown!!
5 This place has the best char siu and roast pork in the city. For about ten dollars, you can easily feed two people. The meal comes with steamed cabbage (so yummy with the char siu sauce), white rice, and so much meat. The box looks small, but it's a lot of food. There is usually a line up out the door, so you know they have something good in there! It's one of the best hole in the wall restaurants in the city!
5 Heard a ton of hype about this place so I got their small special (~$5) that was packed with rice, bbq pork, and veggies. Super cheap but soooo delicious and filling! Your tastebuds will definitely be thanking you! The bbq pork was juicy and there were some fatty pieces which I love.  Just note that there is almost always a small line out the door and it is cash only! So worth the hype!!
5 My favorite spot to get roast pork over rice.  The line usually goes out the door but it moves pretty fast.  Bring cash and know what you want.  I usually get the large portion and it lasts at least for two meals.  I'm not a fan of the veggies so I get it without.  But definitely ask for the GINGER.
5 This place has to be considered an institution by now, because I vaguely described it to a friend here in LA, and they knew of it!  Line out the door, because only like 4 customers can fit inside at a time :D Don't sweat it if you have to queue up.  Since there are only a few (but quality) menu items, the line tends to go fast.  Since there are only a few menu items, it really helps to make up your mind by the time you are at the front of the line!  As many have said, the price is wonderful, especially since the value (Price v. Quality) is amazing.   Pork was juicy, and flavor was perfectly yummy, yet not too overwhelming.  Recommend stopping by, and eating it at the benches across the street!
2 Overrated. Food is average and prices are reasonable. My $5 box of roasted pig was inedible. Ate 20% and threw out 80% but maybe it's just me. If you love to eat chunks of pork fat then you'll like this place.
4 Cheap, fast, and tasty.  Your typical roast duck and pig deli. We got the large trio box with chicken, duck and char siu over rice with veggies. The rice was pretty bad tbh, it was kind of on the mushy side, but if you eat it with the sauce and meats it's fine.   All the meats were tender and flavorful, even the chicken, which in the past I've found to be more on the dry side.  They also have the option to just buy the meats by themselves.   Would go back and would recommend if you want something cheap, fast, and good.
5 Best bang for buck. Solid char siu solid duck. Good rice good veggie. Numba one! Definitely! Spectacular! Yelp wants more words. Not sure how much more words they want.
4 This place is one of the most bang for the buck stores in New York. For 7 dollars you get some duck, chicken, and cha-shao over a sizable bed of rice and cabbage. While the cha-shao was brilliant, I got the ribs area of the duck which meant that I didn't get much meat. Otherwise the few good pieces that I had were very juicy. The chicken was amazing as I got the thigh area.
5 Takeout only but excellent value for what you're getting. $6.50 for a combo roast pork/duck plate with rice.  Simple but absolutely delicious.  Line out the door right when it opened but moves quick.  Unsure if it's cash only but everyone in line paid cash which kept things moving.  Worth the visit and definitely best to eat right away.
5 The most delicious fast Chinese food in Chinatown, I love the BBQ proks and roasted ducks. I come here often and need feel tried for waiting for longtime outside in rush hours.
5 Probably the best restaurant restaurant in NYC. The Duck is fire. Bring Cash, only To Go.  Yelp says my review is too short so far, there are just too few words to describe the perfection of the culinary creations that come out of this kitchen.
5 Whenever I'm in town I always try to swing by! They are fast and very generous with the amount of food they give you. Probably one of my favorite places in New York and the price is a bonus!
5 Cheap & Delicious!  For less than $5 you get a carry out container full of rice, cabbage, and juicy roast meat. A definite bang for your buck. Perfect for college students or someone who has a palette for good food but not the budget. If I purchased this and plated it at a fancy restaurant, you would have guessed that I paid at least double the price.   Stop by and grab a few if you're in the area. They keep really well. I brought a couple back to Maryland on the bus after my last visit and was able to enjoy them for lunch a few days later. Still amazing and better than some local places I've tried that claim to be fresh.
4 I've been to NYC twice, and I went to this place both times. Wah Fung is affordable and amazing. I've tried the pork, chicken, and duck, and I recommend the pork most of all. It's juicy and flavorful, and there are no bones to pick around.   I highly recommend anyone travelling to NYC to take the time to visit Wah Fung, and remember to bring cash!
5 Cute small shop I always come here for a quick bite when I'm viisting Chinatown and looking for something cheap! Delicious, and portion size was perfect for the price of $4.75!
5 This gem is a small hole in the wall. It is super cheap yet delicious.   This is as close to an authentic Hong Kong meal that you can find in Chinatown, New York. The small is packed with rice, cabbage and meat for only $4.75. If you upgrade to the large you get a rectangle take out box for about $7. Their meats include BBQ pork, chicken and roast duck. They have all their ingredients out in the open for you to see.   There is almost always a line but due to the size of the place, its unavoidable. However, I only waited 5 minutes to get my meal!
5 YangGang favorite spot! Authentic delicious real Chinese food!  Stop by when looking for traditional NY Chinese.
4 This place is such a steal!! For the price, can't get better than this!   You can get a small for $5 or large for $7. They pack your container with so much meat, rice, and cabbage and then they pour this sauce over it which makes it absolutely delicious!!   I got to try all three meat options (duck, pork, chicken). They aren't as tender as the meats I'm used to. A lot of the meats were kinda dry (but I'm assuming that's why they put the sauce over the meats). The chicken was the most tender but the bbq pork was the meat I enjoyed the most. The sauce was really the best part!! Soaked with the meat and rice, it was the perfect combination.   There's no seating inside and it's cash only. There's typically a line but goes by super fast!!
5 I had seen reviews for this place and had decided to come here as my first stop when I arrived in NY. It really wasn't all too hard to find and when I went at 10:30am, there was absolutely no line. It was kinda interesting to see no line but i was early LOL.  They have options where you choose 1, 2, or all 3 meats. I went for all three. Roasted pork, duck, chicken ($5 for a small, $7 for a large). I went for their small and took it across the street to the park, sat on a park bench, and ate. They don't have seating here inside, welps.  They had added the sauce from the BBQ pork and that played a huge part to the dish, mix with the rice and cabbage and it provides a tad of sweet sauce you can mix into it. Their BBQ pork is the star here, as it's chunks and it's tender and so flavorful. I kinda did save that for last because the other meats had bones to it. The duck also was pretty good and held its own but some of my pieces as they were more bone than meat but that's alright. It in itself is tender as well and the skin is good. The chicken was just alright, it's a different type of chicken than I usually try. For the price that you pay, and the quality of the meat here, this place is a steal haha.  Cash only!
5 The best bang for your buck in NYC, hands down.   $4.75 special will get you a takeout container packed to the brim with white rice, cabbage & your choice of meat. Seriously blows my mind at how much food they give for a few bucks.   Don't forget to ask for the ginger scallion sauce! Literally crack.
5 Cheap and delicious. Very fresh food prepared in a tasty way. Much better than your average Chinese food. It's also great that this is located very centrally on Christie street
5 Great bbq pork! Good price!  Btw, There's a park across the street where we can sit down to enjoy the food.
4 Came here after a recommendation from a friend. The place is a hole in a wall setup with a tiny amount of space inside. The line was barely a dozen people long and people already had to stand outside. The wait wasn't that slow and I was able to place my order after about 3-5 minutes of waiting. The service can be a bit lacking if you aren't used to hole in the wall Chinese places. You go in, tell them exactly what you want quickly, get served immediately, pay and leave. Unless you speak Chinese it's hard to customize your order or even ask questions beyond what is on the menu (which most people in line already seem to know).  But you don't come to these kinds of places for spectacular service. You come here for the food and the value. For less than $10 you get a small but hefty platter of rice, cabbage, and either Chinese bbq pork or a roasted chicken. There are options for larger portions, but the food you get is delicious and cheap for the cost. The chicken I got was tender, juicy, and flavorful, and it was served on a bed of rice and cabbage, which had all of the delicious chicken flavor absorbed. It's quite filling and a fast way of getting some authentic Chinese food.
5 I came here to grab some lunch last week around 2:30 pm there was a small line l ordered a small char sui cabbage and rice. It was very tasty and has good flavor. The price for what you get is very good. I would def grab a bite to eat when I'm nearby that's for sure
4 Had some amazing roasted pork belly! The skin was very crispy and the meat was fresh.   I also had the char siu, which was juicy from all the fat, but was too sweet for my liking. It felt like it was bathing in a pool of sticky honey or syrup.   Price was pretty cheap. This is a takeout counter.
3 It's good but overrated as hell. I've had better in other parts of the city and  country. I've had waaaay better abroad in Hong Kong and Guangzhou china.
4 Let's be honest- you come to Wah Fung not for healthy, wholesome dishes. Instead, you're craving greasy, freshly roasted meat-filled platters. The line streams out the door and there's usually at least a 10 minute wait time to get to the counter. But you still eagerly stand there and look at the window lined with hanging meats because the food is so worthwhile.   It's cash only and takeout only.  You can get a combination of roasted pork, duck, chicken with rice and cabbage for a filling meal. Sometimes, I buy half a roast duck and put it in my lunchbox for the next 2-3 days (it's only $11!)  One of the most famous Chinese butcher establishments you can find, and also one of the best cheap eats in the city.
5 Wow...expectations for flavor/quality were pretty low given the price ($6 for a large? Unheard of) but I was actually really impressed by how good the food was. Hard a large pork over rice - it was served with cabbage and the guy working poured a generous ladleful of the pork "juice" over the top, serving almost as a sauce for the rice.   The meat was tender, flavorful, and was rendered nicely around the edges so that it wasn't chewy and fatty in the way that I sometimes find pork is. The portion of meat was larger than expected as well (I anticipated a decent amount of rice). The small is $4.50 I think, so if you're on the fence I'd recommend just sizing up and splitting with a friend if you can.   There was a bit of a line when I went but the wait was no more than 15 minutes total. I believe it's cash only.
5 This is my favorite place to get chinese BBQ items. I am always a huge fan of their cha siu (roast pork) and huo rou (roasted pig). They are always working super hard on churning out orders for their massive lines but I never mind waiting for my food because they keep their quality super high!
4 This is just your typical Chinese spot that happens to sell their meats for a great price. If you don't want to break your bank but also would like to feel full, then this is the spot for you. I ordered the roasted pork and chicken. The meat was tender but their were lots of fat on it as well. The sauce that they use definitely add a nice sweet touch to the dish. It complements the rice and cabbage very well.
4 Fast, cheap and tasty! I love this place. The small lunch portion is only $4.25 for pork or chicken. I actually opted to get the large pork lunch for $6 so I could eat half and save the rest for later. It also comes with some steamed cabbage. I wish they gave more veggies, but quite nice of them nonetheless. The pork was super moist and tasty and they're nice enough to pour sauce over rice for you...although it could be more flavorful. For the price, I definitely wouldn't complain though.
5 Incredible!  So tasty and flavorful.  Was shocked how inexpensive this place is considering the quality.
4 Came here because of all the hype from youtube... and it was good for its price but it wasnt all that. Its a grab and go. There are benches on the park across where you can eat your food if you're a tourist. Theres some homeless people and some of the benches smells like pee.. I guess thats what I get for watching too much youtube. Lol
3 Finally got to check this out after seeing all the hype of various videos and reviews. The name truly does live up to its hype. We came at an off hour (2pm) and there was still a line, however it moves lighting fast. Inside is hot/tight since it's take out only and exactly what you'd expect of a Chinatown restaurant- no frills, questionable sanitation, and extreme efficiency in production. It's also cash only so come prepared, although nothing on the menu will break the bank since it's dirt cheap. For $4.25 we got the roasted pork with rice and sautéed cabbage. They gave a generous serving of meat which was chopped right in front of us. Was this the most life changing, tender, and delicious pieces of char siu I've ever had? Not even close. BUT portion size was bang for my buck and I'd gladly come here again to satiated my hunger at a low cost. This does the job and is overall a solid 3.5 place, as long as you don't have crazy high expectations. My only slight critique is that the rice has an odd lingering flavor in the beginning of each bite. Tasted mineral-ly/metallic? Not sure what type of rice they use, but it's definitely not jasmine rice. Not a big deal though.  PS. There's a park across the street from Wah Fung- since there's no seating at the store, just sit on one of the park benches and enjoy :)
4 Have not been here but looks way too good, lots of meat and fresh hot.  We need this in socal... Anybody know a similar place like this in socal. And don't say Sam woo which sucks, they give you the old junk meat parts cold leftover meat on side plate to your order, disgusting. Screw Sam woo BBQ
3 Forget why I bookmarked this but I did.  So while in the vicinity I had to try it out.  Small pork or chicken "bowl" for $4.25.  That's a deal considering I had just left the Fulton where dual entrees left us with a $100 bill.    For the price, the food is a great option for a quick on the go lunch.  BUT I have eaten at Vanessa's Dumpling House around the corner so in comparison this is just not a competitor.   Vanessa's happened to be closed.  Given the option between the two, I'd probably not venture here again.    Great option for low carb diets tho!!!
4 If you are like some people I know and stay clear of any sketchy looking places and/or will not wander into hole in the wall spots that may seem a bit unsanitary...stay away.  If you are like myself and seek hole in the wall mom/pop shops that have good or gteat food along with cheap prices...definately stop by.  They do have some options that I have not tried but the specialty here and what pretty much everyone is ordering is the plate of chicken or pork with rice and cabbage. A small is only $5 which is a great find in the city. There will usually be a line out the door that does move pretty quickly and be aware that no seating is available. A park located directly across the street is more appealing to me anyhow for a quick bite.  Enjoy.
5 Ooooweeeeee Rick! Huge fan. You really cannot go wrong with Wah Fung for lunch. It's unbelievably cheap and the portions are great for the cost. My coworker and I got the 3 meat combo - duck, chicken and pork. We both really enjoyed it and were incredibly satisfied. The cabbage was also just the perfect accompaniment. This of course came on a bed of rice. I will definitely be back.
5 It's a tiny store where you go in, get your order, and walk back out again. Portions are EXTREMELY generous-- I got one order of the roast pork and one of the barbecue pork and they gave me enough food for four meals at least (and they included rice and vegetables so I can convince myself I'm eating relatively healthily haha). And the whole thing only came out to 12.50! I haven't seen a better deal than that in either Manhattan OR Brooklyn Chinatown. I especially enjoyed the roast pork I got, which was tender and fatty and flavorful, if a bit on the salty side. Place is cash-only so come prepared. I'll definitely be back!
4 I have always walked past Wah Fung on the way for bubble tea down the block, but I had never stopped there for anything. This past summer my cousin from out of the country visited and said he had never had chinese food, so I decided to bring him to Wah Fung for Duck. He thought it was so good!
5 Hole in the wall spot on the edge of Chinatown. We saw the line and got to waiting. They have roasted ducks, chicken and pork in the window so you know it's got to be good. They have a sign on the window that says small pork or chicken for $4.25 so we got that. It was a small portion of rice, sautéed cabbage and slices of pork. The pork was tender, juicy and very flavorful. The cabbage paired up nicely with the meal. Grab your grub and go eat and watch the kids play basketball across the street. Life is good
4 Convenient small shop for takeaway only (ie no place to sit. The Chinese deli meats are soooo delicious looking here. I got pork belly (aka roast pork) for $9/lb and sadly it was mostly fat when I was hoping for more meat and crispy skin. Other options here include duck, chicken and bbq pork (cha siu). They have meat + rice combos at a great price!
4 Great comfort food at a low price.   When we arrived, the line was out the door but luckily the line moves really fast. For only $5, you can get a small portion roasted pork, rice and  cabbage. If you upgrade to a large size, it's less than $10.   The roasted pork itself was flavorful and comforting and the cabbage complemented the pork and rice very well. The flavors are great, service is quick and the value is unbeatable.
5 Although this place is not some exquisite high class place, given the price and quality of their food along with their speedy service I'd have to give this place 5 stars! All day everyday Wah Fung has a steal deal where you can order a small rice and stir-fried cabbage with the choice of pork or chicken for only $4.25. The portion they give is definitely large enough to fill you up.   I have tried both their pork and chicken, which are both tasty, but I enjoyed the pork slightly better. The meat is prepared very tenderly and is delicious, especially when paired with the sauce, rice and cabbage. I haven't tried their duck yet so I'd like to return to give that a try. This place is just overall a great place to go to when you're not in the mood to cook, want something cheap, but still yummy.  *Wah Fung is cash only so make sure you come prepared with a few dollar bills :)
2 Was not what I expected from all these other reviews. The taste was light and the meat were not marinated correctly to give that explosive flavor. What hey, what do you expect when you are only paying so little for a meal?
5 Great food at a affordable price. Not alot of option but the choices are authentic and top notch. Expect a wait.
5 What everyone else said.  Big bang for the buck and tasty.  There is always a line though.  No thrills joint No large menu.  Just what you see in the window.
4 Wah Fung is one of those places that I talk about how good the food so friends get hooked on the idea before we get there...  Because, Wah Fung puts the Sketch in Sketchy.  HOWEVER, the food is delicious: fresh, abundant, and inexpensive fair cooked right before your eyes. And if that's not enough, the amount of food you get will amaze you, it's fantastic!  Choose from Pork, Duck, or Chicken or do yourselves a favor and get a combo.  A definite Four Plate review from me.
3 Take out those dollar bills and you'll be able to enjoy a meal at Wah Fung No 1 Fast Food. The name says it all and supposedly many I mean tons of people rave about this place. So when one of my husbands bosses said we have to go and give this place a try. We did and we walked in the heat to get here.   Overall when we first got here I already knew and was mentioned that we would have to eat outside and across the street at the park.   There was a line of people when we got here and we just ordered the duck rice to try. Cash only spot so please remember to bring cash.   The duck rice was filled to the brim and it was super hot. The rice was way too much and the duck was super fatty. Overall I thought it was alright but maybe I just like lean duck more than fatty duck. To each their own and I have to say at least I got to try it out while being on this trip in NYC.   Tip- You should know what you want to order before you get into the store.
4 Good food for a good price. The portion sizes are generous if you get a Large.  I love the pork.
5 So worth it for the price. Char siu + duck or char siu + chicken... Such a good combo! If you arrive before they close they might run out of duck. I like that it comes with some veggies. Cash only
5 Practically perfect in every way. A large duck and pork over rice is 2 meals for $7 and is absolutely delicious. Eat at the park across the street if the weather is good.
5 I came here in the early afternoon on a weekday, and there was a moderate wait.  There's no seating, only room for the food prep station and register.  You can see the roast duck hanging in the window and the red char siu as you wait in a line that stretches out the door.  Don't be intimidated though because the line moves very quickly.  It's CASH ONLY!  My mind is completely blown by how cheap this is for the hefty amount of delicious comfort food you get.  I ordered a small roast duck over rice for $5.50.  The staff works at lightening speed: they put a bed of rice in a tin box, place tasty boiled cabbage on top, slice up the juicy roast duck in front of you and pile it on top of the cabbage, then they top it off with a few ladles of delicious sauce the fatty duck was cooked in.    I don't think I can fully articulate how much I LOVE this hole-in-the-wall.  I'm just so glad I can get my fixing of delicious Chinese comfort food for cheap.  This is probably to most mouth-watering fast food meal you could have for the lowest possible price!
4 For all of the tourists who are fortunate enough to travel to Chinatown, you simply must visit this place. Wah Fung, simply put, is the HOLY GRAIL of Chinatown. I vividly remember the first time I tried Wah Fung's char siu combined with their sauce and I couldn't see my meal because I was crying so much. The roast pork was so damn juicy that I thought OPEC was going to ban this dish. Lord have mercy upon my soul, I forgot to breathe in between each bite. Forget your cholesterol levels, if you going to Wah Fung you here for a GOOD time not a long time.
5 Came to visit New York, and came across here and was not disappointed at all. If you're craving some Chinese food and want to get your bang for your buck this is the spot for a small you pay $4.25 and for the large it's only $6.50 like wow! Grab one and go across to the park and enjoy your meal!
5 It's right there in the name, No 1 Fast Food. For $4.25, you can get a small bowl of rice with your choice of pork, chicken, duck, or roast pig. It's called a small bowl but the small is more than enough for most people. They have two different types of noodles, your standard lo mein noodles and thinner rice noodles. I still prefer the rice over any noodles, though. I go here at least once a week as I work nearby. It's a favorite of all my coworkers.
5 One of my favorite cheap eats in the city. The line at this place might look daunting but it moves quick and is definitely worth the wait. It's cash only, counter service, and takeout only so I usually take it home or enjoy my box in the park across the street.   My go to is the large pork and duck combo for $6.50 which yields 2 meals for me. The roast pork is tender and sweet which pairs well with juicy and fatty duck meat. The white rice is always cooked perfectly and that duck sauce that their pour over is the perfect cherry on top. The food tastes authentic, fresh, and simple, everything you'd expect from a Chinese butcher that you get to watch prepare your meal. I'll definitely be a regular here!
5 I love the roast pork over rice dish!!  Their roast pork is the most tender and flavorful I've ever had in any Chinese restaurant. The sauce that the roast pork sits in really gets absorbed into the meat and makes the roast pork super juicy.  The bits of fat melts in your mouth too! This dish is very satisfying and hits the spot.  Although the line can be long, it's worth the wait!
5 Local favor neighbor style Chinese BBQ place. Great for a quick bite while traveling in NY and a memory land back to HK.
1 The owner ignores you lol oof when I walked in tryna get some food I checked and I had no cash I went to the nearest bank and get cash and then I came back and got ignored lol so fuck them
4 First meal after 14 hours of travel. All I wanted was quick flavorful food from a legit local eatery that screams NYC. Chinese style BBQ is something I'm fairly well versed in and this place comes in at a 4. Great flavors and quick service. The value can't be beat but it's not the most amazing street food or the best Chinese BBQ I've had either.
2 After watching many stellar YouTube video reviews about this place, I finally decided that I must try it out being a foodie myself. Obviously, that created a very high expectation about their food. When I arrived on a Saturday afternoon, there was a short line of people waiting, but the line moved pretty quickly. I ordered a large size combo of char siu and roasted pork. After my first bite of the roasted pork, I found it very bland, but the skin was good though very crispy. After eating almost the entire meal, there was only one particular piece of roasted pork that was well seasoned, but the rest was very bland. Not sure if the chef did a lousy job seasoning the pig that day. The char siu was ok, I found it to be a little bit too sweet and was lacking the real char siu flavor. The only good thing is that this place gives bigger portion than other Chinese restaurants for the 2 combo. Overall, I was disappointed about the food. It was too much hype. There are definitely much better places out there in term of flavor and quality in Chinatown and Brooklyn Chinese areas.
5 All I can say about this no frills little hole in the wall. It's cheap and yummy. Cheap, as inexpensive not quality. The chicken and duck plate was delicious. If you're ever in NYC and need a getaway from the $20 meals check out this place for a small plate for $4 or a large plate for $6. Cash only and fast service
5 Solid Chinese bbq. Everything is great but the lines can be long.the line moves quick though.
4 I think it's hard to find a place that offers delicious comfort food for an extremely cheap price, but Wah Fung does exactly this. With it located right across the park, my friends and I ordered a few lunch boxes and ate them at a park table, adding to the nostalgic childhood vibes that comfort food brings.   As for the food, it tastes exactly like what I used to eat growing up. I got a chashu box with cabbage, and they gave me a generous amount of chashu, which was definitely the star of the lunch box. A small detail that made all the difference was the sauce from the chashu that they drizzled over everything at the end; the rice soaked in it was delicious and savory, and it was everything comfort food should taste like.  The place looks straight out of Hong Kong, and the guys behind the counter work with the same swiftness/no-nonsense attitude that always reminds me of Hong Kong. Overall, after hearing the hype around this place from Facebook videos and Yelp, I can say that the hype is well-deserved.
5 $6 for a large box packed with rice, charshiu or chicken, and cabbage. One of the best meal deals around and you dont need mealpal. Brings me back. I'm stuffed
5 I grew up in Singapore and can say, with some authority, that this is the best char siu pork over rice I have found in the city. (And I've been looking.) You don't need to take my word for it though: there's almost always a line literally out the door. And it's cheap too! GO HERE!
5 To everyone ranting about there's nowhere to sit, get out of here. For $6 plates in NY I'll stand on one foot for all I care. This place is cheap and delicious. Its a grab and go spot across from a small park where you can find a bench. Definitely a place to check out if you're in the area, hungry, and on a budget.
3 Went for lunch by myself on 8/18/19. My wife and Son decided on other options.   This place is a whole in the wall for sure. They serve good portions and for $6.00 I had more than enough for me to be full and I gave a good meal to a homeless guy sleeping on a nearby bench.   The pork was very good and tender. The white rice was filling. The sauce was good but as others have mentioned not as much spice or flavor as I needed.   If I was a starving student and lived close by I would be a regular here. Since I am not I probably would not go back.
5 the best. cheap as ffffffffffffffffffff. crowded and the line can get long, but so cheap, so worth the wait.
2 I have been craving Wah Fung after seeing Food Insider videos, Fung Bros videos, and tons of great Yelp reviews about this place. We walked through the city on a very hot and sunny day to get here, and were met with no line and a subpar meal. It is worth noting that the chef is extremely skilled and fast and that all the meat is definitely fresh! We ordered a small roast duck and a small roast pork, which both came with cabbage and white rice, as well as a spoonful of sauce. We will get to this sauce later. There is NO seating space around Wah Fung, and all orders are take out. Since we wanted to eat immediately, we went across the street to the Hester St. Playground/Park. Do not do this - the tables are all directly in the sunlight and the benches are super dirty. We sat at a table and suffered through the heat to eat.. and we were really not impressed. The duck meat was pretty rough, and while the pork meat was okay, I have had way better. In addition, the pork meat had no flavor at all. Even with the minimal amount of sauce (that I suspect soaked into the rice), it was bland and kind of dry. The vegetables and rice also did not taste like anything, showing that this place really is just a cheap meal in Chinatown. The portion size looks good but most of the dish is just filler rice. Would not come back :(
5 It's cheap and it's just simply amazing traditional Chinese food. Will certainly be back when I'm in the area. The line does get pretty long on occasion but definitely worth it.  The pork with rice is the way to go. They serve fast and delicious.
5 My fav spot ever! Cheap and easy! And the butchers are very friendly, the portion is huge for a girl. Might need to get small portion and ask for less rice in order not to fall asleep in the office! Lol
5 Best duck and pork over rice in New York. There's no place where you can get better value and quality for 6.25!
3 Yelp reviews led here. It's a take-out and cash only business that appears to be well known to locals. Offering mostly roasted pork, chicken and duck over rice and cabbage though they had just run out of duck as we approached to order and this was around 3 p on a Saturday afternoon.  My friend ordered the roast pork and roast chicken over rice and cabbage and we both felt she got a bum plate because most of her pork was fat and the same with her chicken. Me, I wanted the roast pork and duck combo but overheard them say they had just run out of duck so instead I had the soy sauce chicken with pork and was very pleased with both. I didn't have high expectations for the rice and we were both pleasantly surprised that the rice was very fluffy and flavorful. The cabbage was nothing to rave about but for about $6.50 each, this was a bargain stop!
4 I really regret not getting crispy pork belly here. It's not really obvious on the sign that there is pork belly, and it was hard to see all the meats in the window.   We ended up getting the roasted pork and roasted duck, both of which were solid. For the price, they were both good. I would definitely come back to try the other meats.   Although there was a line, everything moved really quickly. But that also made us feel very rushed when trying to look at what they had.
3 I returned over a year later. This time, there was a shorter line, but it was still a bit out the door.  I didn't get to eat it fresh because I bought it for the airport, so by the time that I ate it it had been a few hours already.  I don't know why, but I wasn't that amazed by it as I was last year. It may be because it had been a few hours, but it just wasn't satisfying my taste buds. The rice was a bit plain. The char siu and the vegetables were still pretty good, but not as good as I remember. Also, the price went up for a small. It used to be $4 but now it's $4.25. Sadly, I'm going to have to dock a few stars. Hopefully this place can redeem itself the next time I come.
5 The best cha siu places in NYC, especially for the price you're paying. It's succulent, savory and sweet. I've seen so many video reviews of this place but it definitely lives up to the hype. They also have other meats but I primarily went for the cha siu. Their small portion comes in a small tin box with rice and steamed vegetables. There was a long line but they're very efficient so it only took 5-10 mins to get the food. I would definitely recommend that everyone give this place a try!
5 Came here b/c of the hype and raving reviews from my friends and I must say that I was happily satisfied and my expectations were met! I shared a small roasted pork over rice with my mom and we were both pretty full after. There's no seating in the shop but there's a park across the street where you can enjoy your food while people watching. I'll definitely be back!
4 This is a hidden gem in Chinatown! I ordered 3 toppings rice bowl and it's really good! The roast pork is a bit dry and but the chicken and duck are perfect! The cabbiege is flavorful as well. There's no place to sit and the park nearby is super dirty... so I wouldn't actually recommend taking it to your office/home to enjoy it. The portion is huge--for only $7, I got my lunch and dinner covered.!
4 Looking for a cheap lunch that won't break the bank? Wah Fung's is here for you. They serve azn BBQ meats over rice with an under $5 price tag. It's a small shop in Chinatown and expect some small lines during lunch hours. There's 2 people chopping the meats, but they are quick and efficient. For the lunch special, you can choose between the BBQ pork or chicken over rice with veggies.  I ordered the bbq pork over rice. The portion size was perfect for me. You can upgrade to a large if you feel more hungry and a baller. I was in and out and enjoyed my cheap meal at home.   This place is takeout only, but there are lots of parks around if you want to eat it outside. I'll forsure be back if in the area for a quick and cheap lunch!
4 I like their BBQ Ducks & rice. The menu is limited. Take out only but the food was good!
5 Came for the pork, stayed for the cabbage and rice (and meat juices).
5 Believe the hype.  The $4.25 pork and rice is legit.  Chicken is good too, but less worth it.  Just remember if you're going super thrifty that the $4.25 one is a small.   If you just say "pork and rice" you'll probably get a large.  It's not a bad deal, just be aware.
1 Pros: Cheap, good value for food you getting  Cons: 1) Extremely Dirty, the person handling the meat is also handling the cash. You can see him touch the cash then go chop your meat then palm your white rice. Tbh this is disgusting. How is this restaurant even allow to operate is a surprise to me. I also suspect they don't change their gloves daily or even bother to clean properly. Through the day, the gloves are never changed. On a side note the meats on the window display being exposed to intense sunlight for 10+ hours everyday also doesn't seem "fresh" to me. They have no AC in the place so the meats are literally spoiling by the second.   2) Poor altitude or customer service if you are not a regular. No thank you or even a small smile when taking your order. Just cold. When I look at the person taking my order all I get is a distant cold stare and an unwelcoming vibe.   3) The quality of the meats are extremely poor. It's not the good meats, majority of it are fats that inedible. Either that or meats are over cooked / sweetened. Any other bbq store in Chinatown has better meat than this.  This place is nothing but a tourist trap that got their hype built up by paid for YouTube videos. Hipsters go here because they think it make they look "local".
5 I had the roast pork on a bed of rice and cabbage, and it was the best! So tender, juicy, and delicious. Just the right amount of umami and sweetness. The small pork with cabbage and rice is plenty for one person. A new favorite place for me!! Takeaway only. You can eat on the plenty of benches at the park across the street.
3 Good was not that great regular chinnesse food. I had the bb irk with fried rice. Next time I might check the roast pork aka chicharon
1 Way over rated.  If cheap rice dishes under $5 is your thing, then yes you'll be really happy with this place because that's a rare find these days.  Other than that not much to be excited about.  It's a small shop with long lines.  This place specializes in volume, so expect quantity over quality.  I thought I give this place a try.  I asked for a half pound of bbq pork by weight and said it at least 3 times.  The guy proceeded to pack over a pound of meat into the container.  He heard me but  pretended to play dumb by acting busy.  I hate meat shops that play that game (which many do), but this guy goes way overboard.  I also got 1/4 duck which you can't get that wrong cutting it to quarters.  The pork was really tough and over cooked, and too fatty in many areas.  We tried to eat half of it, the rest was too tough to eat and was discarded.  If I wanted pork jerky, I would've gone to a jerky place to get it... didn't come here for that.  The duck leg was also tough, not the succulent tender meat you'd typically expect.  When there's so much volume in such a small place with 3 staff, I guess I should not have expected care in the quality of food.  I was looking for a backup place to Big Wong.  Big mistake and not coming back.  Will stick to Big Wong for my cut meats.  And they're more honest with my requests.
5 I finally went to Wah Fung with one of my friends the other day to celebrate his move to New York! Apparently it's super famous (all my friends asked me if I saw it on the Fung bros n I was like no LMAO) but it was sooo good and definitely lived up to the hype.   Like all the other reviews have mentioned, this place gets very busy very quickly, it's cash only, and they close on the earlier side, at around 7. Luckily, there were still a few things left when we went, but my friend told me that by 7, they are usually sold out of most things.   It was $4.25 for the small plate, and the small plate was very filling. The plate came with a cut of the pork, rice covered with the pork drippings, and soft cabbage. Even though we went like 10 min before closing, there was still a huge line!   There aren't any places to sit inside the restaurant, but if you just walk right out, there's a huge park (and a Kung Fu Tea).
4 It's an okay cheap eats place. The duck was too fatty. The pork was flavorful, but some strips too hard. Skipped on the cabbage. Server sweated all over the food. Understandable that it was 100 degrees yesterday, but take a moment to wipe your sweat off your face :( and touches food and money with same gloves  4 stars for the affordable pricing and a small portion is enough during lunch break. $10.75 for small duck/rice, small pork/rice and bottle of water.
5 Got the pork over rice. Fantastic. It is a simple dish - rice, cabbage, and a TON of char siu, with some broth drizzled on top. I can't believe the large is $6. This is on par with halal carts for the best value in the city.
4 The small portion of rice, cabbage, your meat of choice, and a ladle full of flavorful meat marinade is just enough to fill you up. And it's $4.75. Yeah, I also had to pick my jaw up off the floor. Get a large size for around $6-6.50, and if you get more than one type of meat it might hit an astronomically expensive price of $7. Sometimes the meat has more fatty/chewy parts than I'd like, but for the price, I really can't complain.  I've stopped by a few times, and the line moves quickly so the wait usually isn't more than 5-10 minutes. Totally worth it for a simple yet tasty meal.
5 There's a line for this place and there's a reason why. The prices are inexpensive, the food is freaking delicious, and it's quick. I mean Chinatown has a lot of inexpensive, delicious restaurants. I had duck and roasted BBQ pork. The best BBQ pork I've had so far was in Vancouver BC. I want to say this place is pretty up there with that. Very flavorful and juicy. The entire meal including the rice and cabbage just made my tummy satisfied after a long day of walking around NYC.
4 Stopped by and ordered the roast duck, roast pork, and the pork belly. The duck honestly stole the show for me. It was my first time trying duck and i really enjoyed it. It was juicy and the skin tasted amazing! The pork belly has a good fat to meat ratio and was tasty. The roast pork to be was good but not great, not sure why it gets so much hype tbh.  I would definitely stop by again if I'm around. Great value for its price.
1 Famous for its pork over rice: As a Chinese, the pork is not bad at all. It's taste just like the typical pork in China.  Reason for 1 star: They touch money and then touch the pork. They are using gloves but it's doing nothing. The gloves touch money as well.  I pointed this out and the person acted like he didn't understand English. Then I talked Chinese and he still acting dumb.  If you don't care about sanitary/wanna test your immune system, it's a good place for a cheap meal.
5 Great little hole in the wall.  Great food at a great price.  Always a line stretching down the block but definitely worth the short wait.  CASH ONLY
4 This Place is the best kept secret on Chrystie Street. If you don't see a line outside. You'll walk right pass this place. The Roast Pork, Roast Pig, and Chicken , and Duck are favorites with white rice, cabbage, and lo mein, Mi fun , when available. And the prices are reasonable.
4 Decided to visit this place after seeing Miley Chen on YouTube. He really raves about it and I was excited. It was cheap for a small carton of rice, cabbage and meat (4.25 for pork or chicken and Duck has an additional charge). My siblings and I got pork and duck. When we came there was a line. You have to watch out Bc the shipowner next door will come out and sort of shoo you if the line blocks her shop. The inside was nice. You can see the workers cutting up the meat right in front of you. Taste was alright. The duck was eh. There wasn't much flavor and the rice was bland. The pork was much better tasting. It was sweeter and saltier and coupled with the rice better. Recommend pork over duck if you had to choose. Would recommend coming here. Definitely worth it for the price and a visit if you're visiting from somewhere else and want to explore different eats in china town.
5 Cheap hole in the wall for good food. Roasted duck, chicken, and two types of pork. They call one "roast pig" and "roast pork". (English names). It's all good. They have some kind of green sauce/oil thing. Get it on the side.
5 The food was great!!! The chicken was my Favorite  I tried the duck the pork and the chicken but the chicken was my favorite the rice and veggie was absolutely awesome also
5 Amazing roast pork.  This meal is worth way more than they charge.  Line moves fast.
4 Needless to say how delicious this place is for its pricetag. The only reason for 4 star not 5 is that I wish the sauce could be more flavorful and stronger, it was a bit too bland for me and I love to eat white rice with delicious stewed sauce.
5 A New York institution -- SERIOUSLY.  Imagine paying under six bucks for a HUGE portion of fatty pork, delicious drippings, rice, and sautéed cabbage.    Now imagine the best thing you've put into your gob for ages. (Yeah. THAT.)  Long lines? Yes, expect those. Take-out only? Of course -- nothing else will do. Cash only? You better bet your sweet bippy, baby doll.  No trip to NYC is ever complete without the requisite stop at Wah Fung.
5 Fire! Absolute gem of NYC. For under $5 you get a solid portion of rice, veggies and roast pork. The pork is delicious, succulent and juicy. I go here every time I am in Chinatown. Grab a small roast pork and head to the park to eat it.
4 I am overdue for my older reviews I have saved in my draft pile. We visited this spot back in October. The best places are really the hole in the walls! The more authentic, Chinese food we had was this exact location. This reminded me of Chinatown back at home in LA. We ordered a large bowl, consisting of pork, rice and cabbage for $5.50. We already had dinner, but because this was our first time in New York, we wanted to try all the good spots before we left! I'm glad we tried it because it was really tasty. They give a good amount for one dish. $5.50 is not bad for a whole meal!
5 Must try roasted pork with the green hot sauce. It's cheap n awesome. Usually once in a week I like to get lunch from here. I work in midtown and I don't mind biking all the way to china town for this as it is totally worth it.
4 This place is a cheap and cheerful joint offering great Chinese roast meats amongst many others. Added bonus with it being an "A" rated restaurant by the health dept. Came here and picked up 1lb of char sieu (bbq pork), 1lb of siew yoke (roast pork) and 1lb of chicken. All to go and ended up being $24. There are no seats in the restaurant but you could always eat it at the park across the street if the weather is nice. Slight queue when I got there but it moved pretty quickly.
4 Food is good, come for the value. I haven't gotten this much Chinese grilled meat for $5 since 1999.
5 Their duck over rice is the best, and that's what I would get every time I'm getting a bbq meal in Chinatown.
5 For the 30 min stuck in traffic to go to this place I was in and out within in minutes.   Worth every penny and amazing
5 Awesome food and value! They give you a ton of food that can last for more than one meal. You can get roast pork, duck, chicken or roast pig. They come with white rice and some sautéed cabbage that goes well with the main attraction, which is the meat. You can also get lo mein instead of the rice for a bit extra.   This place is cash only and doesn't have any inside seating, it's a very small shop so prepare to wait in line outside the store but it moves quickly! Definitely worth checking out if you want roast pork and it won't set you back in terms of your wallet.
5 This place is absolutely fantastic!! I am in love, big fan. The fact you can purchase in a small size/one serving portion meal is just amazing. Got the Chicken Rice and Roasted Pork Rice. They were out of Roasted Duck, not surprised, since today is July 4th. Next time, will definitely need to try the Pork Belly and Duck. Worth the wait. Line gets long and busy fast. But it's super affordable and delicious!
4 Wah Fung deserves all the hype.  One foot in the door and you are immediately transported to Hong Kong, where the rows of duck and pork hang by the window, the service is direct and devoid of any bullshit or pleasantries and cash only.  I tried this place first thing on a Saturday morning and upon arrival there was already an old lady ahead of me who was wrangling six roasted ducks to go!  I ended up ordered the Char Siu Roast Pork and Roast Duck, both small (which was filled to the brim generously)  The rice and vegetables are not much to write home about. The sauce they lather over everything is good but the rice I received was clumpy and was cooked with too much water.  However, the meat, whichever option you pick, is a clear winner at a price that remains the king on the hill.
5 This place is absolutely fantastic! The best peanut noodles I've ever had - this place is way better then Vanessas dumpling house. This is the place you want to go too
4 I discovered this tiny place after watching some Mikey Chen NYC videos, and my friend and I had to come! Food is definitely cheap--it's about $5 for a bowl of rice, cabbage, and your choice of BBQ pork, duck, or chicken. I know a lot of people think the meat here is incredible, but honestly, it's just mediocre. I've had a lot of Chinese BBQ in my life, and I wouldn't come here if the price wasn't so enticing. The inside seems unsanitary because there's bits of meat and fat flying everywhere, but they package everything nicely. Was Fung is definitely overhyped, but it's still Chinese BBQ! You can't go wrong.
5 This was probably the best food decision I made since moving to the city! Delicious, authentic, and satisfying. I got the large roasted pork and duck over rice for $6.50. Both meats were extremely juicy and flavorful, and paired perfectly with the rice and cabbage. The portion size is enough for at least 2 meals, maybe 3. As previous reviews mentioned, the veggies were a bit lacking, but then I think about how having more veggies would mean less meat... and well, the current setup is definitely preferable and better value. This joint is definitely worth a visit to Chinatown!
3 Yea I guess still a 3, although things have changed. The line moves at a normal pace now. The portions of meat are not as generous, but you can get the pig by the pound, which I don't remember being a thing before. Things still taste quite good. Kind of a 3.5 round down situation overall but nothing wrong with this whatsoever.
5 Such a good deal for a really flavorful meal! The bbq pork (char siu) is really no1  The crispy pork belly is amazing with the green onion oil sauce. Amazing lunch or dinner for $6!
3 5 * for the price and the efficiency of how fast the line is. They will treat you nicer if you speak Cantonese so my husband does get good service because of that. It was close to closing time so most of the stuff is sold out. We got the BBQ Pork and the chicken only. The chicken wasn't that great and the barbecue Pork was not as salty and tender as I wanted. The hot sauce was not the oil hot sauce that I prefer. I still wanted to try to roast duck and the Roast pig with the crispy skin next time. Hopefully that would still have it and I would give another chance to try.
4 Cheap, delicious Chinese BBQ. Not much else to say. I only need a small size because the large is so much food. You could probably stretch 2 meals out of the large, and it's only about $1 more. Quality of the BBQ is pretty solid, but the value is amazing.
4 What a great cheap eat! Portions are small, but you really can't complain when it's merely a few buck. The goose and pork were so tasty, and it's a great quick grab meal. Don't get deterred by the line, it moves so quickly. The staff isn't the nicest and they'll definitely expect you to order quickly. Definitely stop by!
5 Personally I enjoyed the bbq pork A LOT more than the duck. The duck is too oily for me, but the pork is really tender and juicy
3 It's a lot of meat and fat, it's not bad. I liked the duck most out of chicken and pork.  There's some vegetables but covered in meat fat.  I wouldn't come here again
5 Best cheap meat-rice dish in Chinatown. The place speaks for itself, definitely worth checking out. JUST DO IT.
5 After seeing Wah Fung plastered all over social media and featured in Youtube food vlogs, I had to try this place out for myself and sure enough it did not disappoint. I ordered a large combo with roast pig and roast pork for $6.50 over a bed of rice along with some cabbage. You can also choose roast chicken and roast duck as well. The roast pig was tender, savory, and crispy with just the right amount of salt and fat in every piece. After my first bite of the roast pig I felt like Anton Ego in Ratatouille as memories of my childhood birthday parties filled with roast pig flooded my mind. The roast pork (char siu) was lighter and sweeter and had these delectable burnt fatty bits that melted umami flavor the moment they touch your tongue. Finally, the rice and the cabbage did a fantastic job of providing some respite for your tastebuds in between the bites of rich porky meat.  I went around 1pm on a Saturday and because there is no seating area, there was a line of about 15 people out the door but the line moves very quickly. I was in and out in just under 10 minutes and it was very cool to see the chefs chop and prepare your meal. With Sarah D. Roosevelt park right across the street, you can enjoy a delicious meal from Wah Fung in the park, surrounded by the wonderful NYC summer weather. Nothing is better.
5 This is the best Chinese BBQ pork place I have ever tried. The prices are insanely cheap and the portions are huge. Usually there is a line but it goes by fast. I highly recommend the roasted pork, crispy and juicy.
4 My favorite thing is really affordable, delicious food. This is exactly what you get at Wah Fung. There's nowhere to sit down, people are yelling, you'll likely be a bit confused but the prices and quality of food is unbeatable. I always get the roast pork and duck which is just the perfect amount of crispy and sweet. Duck is usually expensive to find which is why this is such a great deal - they really don't skimp you. The cabbage is bland and the rice is fine but that doesn't matter to me, the meat is the main draw here.   There's usually a long line outside during busy hours but it goes quickly. Have your money (cash only) and order ready - you can see the menu through the front door.
5 Really decent authentic Hong Kong cuisine, each dish is flavorful and unbeatable price point stands out among others. I truly recommend this restaurant and grateful to get to taste it with a short trip in New York.
5 For the price, it's worth 6 stars...6  You get so much food for your money. I mean...it's not the tastiest or the cleanest, but if you're poor and hungry, this is the place to go.  The duck as a little bland but the crispy roast pork was actually surprisingly good.
5 Most valube lunch I've had. Very tasty roasted pork and duck. And highly recommend roasted pig, crispy and juicy.
5 This is potentially the best roast duck in Manhattan. Not very much meat, but cooked to perfection.
4 There is usually a long line here. I usually only eat here when the line is short. Nonetheless, they do serve food very fast so even with a long line, the wait isn't that long.  The roast pork tastes really good. It has a sweet honey glaze on it which gives it that extra flavor that I don't think other restaurants have. It is also very very affordable and you eat your fill. They are generous with the meats and the side is white cabbage on a bed of rice. There are two sizes to choose from: small or large. I think for one person, the small is already plenty. I did get a large once and I'm not sure if it was just a bad day or what, but it didn't taste that good that one time (out of a few times) that I've gotten it.  They also serve Cheung fun (steamed rice noodle roll) +/- fish balls with peanut sauce and soy sauce drizzled on top. To get this, you can completely skip the line and go inside to the back. Although you might get dirty looks because the tourists on the line just don't know about this, so they might think you're skipping the line.  Btw, no seating here. Try eating it at the park across the street if there's space.  Overall, this place is really good, but since I go to Chinatown so often, I usually just line up when the line is short. If you do want to try good char siu (roast pork) though, try it here.  4 stars - the food is good, but would only eat here if I were in the neighborhood. Would not go out of my way to eat here
5 Have been here multiple times and will keep coming back. Perfect place to go to for Lunch, take-out only. Everything is always fresh and delicious and the service is outstanding! And super reasonable pricing. Seriously.
5 As a huge fan of roasted pork and duck, I love this place so much. I always get a mix of roasted pork and duck over rice and it's so delicious. It tastes so authentic and the price is unbeatable. There's always a long line, but it gets short pretty quickly so don't just walk away because of the line!   It's a take out place and there's no seats inside, so I usually take it home and even if I eat some leftovers the next day by using the microwave, it's still sooo good!
5 Apparently you can pay a small $4.25 for a mouthgasm. Came on a Friday afternoon and there was a line of around 8 people that moved fairly quickly. I ordered the pork over small rice and vegetables. The ratio of pork to rice to vegetables (sautéed cabbage) was 5:5:1, but the container was filled to the top and the two workers there were the no-frills kind of efficient. The roast pork was perfect, the rice was covered in some sort of sauce, and the cabbage was sparse but good. The place is cash only so remember to bring a $5.
5 Wow! Stopped by for a small roast duck and pork meal. First time having duck and it was yummmeeee
4 My local friend took me here. It seems like to be a super popular place. A lot of people are making line for the food! I think the food is a kind of Canton food, probably called "siu mei". And the siumei here is actually much better than the one I had in Hong Kong  for my understandings, Siumei is one of the ways roasting the meat and make it very juicy and taste better. The meat are mostly chicken or duck. I order the meal with three type of meats and some vegetables. The only disadvantage of this place is that they do not offer place for dining. We have to take it out. But I don't think it compromised anything! And also, the food here is way too cheaper than I thought. Probably it is one of the few places in NYC where you can get a tasty meal with only 7-8 dollars
5 One word will sum this place up AMAZING!!!! I love the roast pork, fried pork and the chicken sooo delicious!!!!! A++++
4 I got the roast pork and it was very soft. The ratio of meat to fat, about 2:1, which made it easier to chew. The rice is a bit chunky but taste good with the juice from the meat.   There is a bit of a wait and this is for take out only but there is a park across the street where you can sit and eat. For $4.25 this is definitely worth a meal to try especially if you love roast pork.
5 Cheap but super tasty roast pig. I usually ordered a Large without the rice and it cost $8.50. The serving is huge. This is a to go place since theres no seat
5 Everything you've heard about this place is true. It is without a doubt the best deal in Manhattan for a meal that will fill you up and tastes awesome. You get rice or noodles, vegetables and a very generous Chinese BBQ pork for just $3.75!  That's not a misprint. It is insanely cheap, insanely filling and insanely delicious. It's kinda like David Blaine. I have no idea how they do it, I'm just glad that the do it and keep on doing it.
5 Went here the other day for lunch, and I knew that the line was always busy, as I saw this place online about cheap Chinese Food. A few block from the Grand Subway stop, and I am glad I got there when I did. They were people in front of me, and then as I ordered, the line increased out the door. I got the two item combo of BBQ Pork with a great sauce on top and BBQ Chicken. You also receive a nice bed of Veggies and Rice to go with it. The price is right, as it was only $7.50 (cash only). A definite go to place if you are in the area. One thing, watch out for the bones, as the meats are cut straight from the bone.
3 Paid a visit around rush hour on a Wednesday. There was a line but it moves fast. I got the bbq chicken with rice and cabbage for $5. The food is actually decent for the price. Was very flavorful and filling. I Would most likely return. I would like to try the other meats.
5 Over the past two years of coming here and seeing the price increase by 50¢ every year, the food is still great and cheap. I would come here to buy myself some lunch food which fills me up or something to bring home with me if I don't expect anyone having food home which is great for me. They have roast chicken, duck, pork, and pig which can come with white rice.  Even though there are no tables in the store due to the tight space, there are tables at the park which is across the street. Line is okay during the opening time since its early but when it comes to lunchtime expect a line waiting outside their doors.   (Had a draft saved for over 2 years and just posting it now)
5 One of the best/well-known roast pork places in Chinatown for a reason. Tiny, no frills shop with roast pork, chicken and duck. The boxes look small but they fill it up to the brim and I promise you it will be a satisfying meal. Only $4-5 depending on the meat you choose! My personal favorite is the duck. The meat is so rich and flavorful but skin still crispy. There will most likely be a line out the door but it moves fast and the food is 100% worth it. No seating available so grab your food and go enjoy on a bench in the park across the street.
5 I'm so hooked on the BBQ meats from this fast food restaurant. Oh well, it is more of a take-out. Even though it is advertised as a fast food restaurant, it is not what you think - the meats are roasted carefully and they are in the ready to serve status if you will. The store front is very small and you'd walk pass through it without even noticing. But hey you can't, you know why, because there is always a line. After this place was featured by several vloggers, it is getting even more popular, with tourists all over the world even. The other weekend when I was in line waiting for my perfect chicken, duck and pork combo, I overheard a group of tourists asking a lady behind me about the food. Unfortunately they asked the wrong person, or maybe the lady behind me did not want to deal with these tourists, she replied nothing special, just for a quick bite. No, she was 100% incorrect and ironically she stood in line for her meal after turning away the group of tourists. I feel so bad for the misinformed tourists. They completely missed a perfect opportunity to experience Chinatown and a tasty meal which are not available in typical Chinese take-outs in the states. Alright, let me speak about the meats. I'm sure by now you've probably heard that is one of the best place to get charsiu AKA Chinese roasted pork in NYC. But what most people don't know yet is their chicken is equally as amazing or even better. I found charsiu can be a little over sweet but the chicken is cooked perfectly. The juicy and tender dark meats are infused with cooking wine and soy sauce. And the crunchy skin gives extra chews and adds up more flavor. The stewed cabbages are quite delicious too.  It is so simple but adds so much freshness and balance to the meal. I'd be very satisfied with a small combo meal and if you are really hungry, a large combo will definitely fill up your stomach with only 7 bucks.
3 I went to Wah Fung expecting to get some Char Siu, and that is exactly what I got. For a very low price you get the BBQ pork belly over rice with some cabbage. $4.00 - $5.00 gets you a small lunch which is filling. The meat is tasty, very oily, and for the price cannot be beat. Are there better char siu out there, I most definitely believe so. But if you are looking to satisfy your cravings this is a great spot if you are in the area. There is no seating in the establishment and there is always a long line, but the line moves very quickly. Make sure to bring cash. I had read a lot and watch sole videos about the place, but I think it leaves more to be desired.
5 Small chinese bbq place for very cheap food. I always get the small bbq pork (char siu) with rice for $4.25. Their bbq is really good for the price you get and they stuff the container packed! The small container comes with some lettuce as well while the rice at the bottom gets soaked in the bbq juice as you eat.  There's no seat down but you can easily grab a spot at the park across the street. Totally recommend stopping by at this hole in the wall for amazingly cheap chinese bbq.
5 The absolute best food:price ratio you'll get in NYC. I recommend the $6 large BBQ roast pork (just say "large pork"). You'll get enough food for 2 easily. This place is CASH ONLY and take-out only, by the way.  The juiciest char siu pork you'll ever have, on top of a bed of cabbage and steamed rice. Huge portion sizes, absolutely delicious. It comes with a scoop of flavorful char siu sauce. The duck and chicken are also pretty delicious, but I would recommend the pork wholeheartedly.  You'll see a line out the door most days, but it goes by pretty quickly. I recommend grabbing something to go and then eating it in the nearby park. You'll see plenty of others doing the same thing.  Overall, excellent place and fantastic food for unbeatable prices.
5 Theres nothing more to say than its super fast, super cheap, and very delicious. Im glad i randomly found this place from a suggestion on a youtube video. It was way better than i expected. When i first arrived there it was storming and the line was out the door, but the line went by very quickly. It really was fast food. Would definitely come back again.
3 No other place can beat the price and speed here. The moment you stand in front of the store, you see all the roasted ducks hanging and the pork and chicken in the containers.   There's always a line here, but it's extremely fast. You can get your food within 5 minutes of lining up.   This place can use some tables. There are no seats and it can get pretty tight especially when people are trying to leave and get past the people on line. It's also hectic inside, but that's what gives the authenticity to good ole local Chinese food. There's benches at the park across the street, which is where a lot of people go to eat.   The meats there are extremely greasy. Personally, I can't even finish the small $5 bowl because of how greasy the chicken/ duck/ pork is. However, the skin on the chicken and duck is extremely delicious and crispy.
5 Out of the fifty-somethng places on my Yelp list, this has been on here the longest. Finally I made the trek down to Chinatown get the fampusn char siu fan!   It was as delicious as I thought it was going to be. The char on the pork is making, fatty, but not chewy and over the fluffiest white rice. For 4.25 you can't beat it!
4 Here you can get very delicious cheap Chinese take-out food but with flavors that should cost more cash! You must absolutely get the roast pork and/or duck. If you come too near to closing time, they may sell out of what you want so come earlier than later.  When I was waiting in line, this old Chinese lady who I'm guessing owns a store next door came out and was yelling at the Wah Fung dudes because the Wah Fung line was so long, blocking her shop. Obviously, she was jealous that no one wanted to give her a dollar for whatever the heck she was selling. This is America, lady!
5 This spot has been in the places I wanted to go to for the longest time ever..but was always too lazy to make the trek down to Chinatown heh  I went late afternoon and there was a short wait of 5 people in front of me. Just waiting outside was a dream as the scent of roast pork and duck just tantalizes you. I got their $4.25 (the price of one overpriced slice of pizza!!!) which came with your choice of meat (roast pork or chicken, I got both), white rice and veggies. Definitely one of the best cheap eats in NYC.
5 The deliciousness is real! Had BBQ pork and a side of duck. Kinda tasted like someone's grandma made it. Grab and go for al fresco meal in the park. Nyc at its finest. Hope little neighborhood spots like this stick around forever.
5 The hype is real y'all.  Been here a number of times and every single time it's so worth the wait. It's just soo cheap and delicious, idk what else to say. Just do it. The roast pork (cha siu) is obviously a must-get, and I feel like their chicken is a little underrated! The last few times I've been here I've ordered the pork & chicken rice for just $6.50. My boyfriend loves duck so he gets the pork & duck for the same price. I always stuff myself silly by finishing the entire box on my own but when something is this good, you just can't control yourself.  The photos attached may look a little messy but don't be misled. Smells/tastes waaaay better than it looks.
5 Really delicious and quick place for roast duck and pig in NY Chinatown! Spending my childhood exploring Chinatown in SF, NYC's Chinatown definitely blew it out of the park with this little hole-in-the-wall eatery that was delicious and cheap. Brought my family from the SF Bay Area to try this place and they all agree that the food is amazing and great quality for the price (it did increase from what I've seen from previous reviews and pictures of the menu). The young man behind the counter is the same from years go and he's a real sweetheart. There's such a long line for lunchtime that the neighboring store's owner/manager was yelling at the poor owner of this eatery to move his customers waiting in line and blocking her store. The elder man who runs this place was so sweet and docile in trying to accommodate her (quite rudely loud) behavior.
5 That was amazing! Order the roasted pork and bbq pork. Comes with rice and veggies. Two man working team, no where to sit or eat but u can find a way to bust it open and eat this. I think cash only. Line will move fast so don't get intimidated or discouraged! I believe u can ask for sauce if you need it!
5 Quick, Cheap, and Tasty. What more do you need? For just $5-$8 depending on what size food you want, you can get a whole meal's worth of delicious food. Don't be scared away by the line, the workers are incredibly efficient and you'll be there before you know it.   If you are in the area, you MUST stop by here. They've received lots of publicity and are really famous for their roast pork which I highly recommend. Get the sauce on top too! Would definitely come here if I was in the area :) (Also it is not a sit down and eat place, it is a grab and go hence, fast food).  Food: 5/5  Price: 5/5
5 We got the small roast pork then sat on a park bench and chowed down. The pork was perfectly cooked, well seasoned and flavorful. Some guy ahead of us asked for 'green sauce' so we asked for it too. It's a cilantro based sauce but it was too salty on the pork. It did, however pair wonderfully with the rice and cabbage... so next time we'll ask for it on the bottom   We had to wait on line but it moved quickly and was worth the wait!
3 Obviously some kind of tourist trap for non chinese people. The quality of the meat is poor and the food is very greasy compared to the other stores that serve the same food a few blocks away. The only upside to eating is here is that its like a dollar cheaper. Not worth it in my opinion but I guess if you wanna save a dollar or two, eat here
5 One of my go to rice dish places to go to in NYC. There's always a line no matter what part of the day. There's no seating so my favorite thing to do is get the cha siu rice dish and sit at the park outside to eat it. If you want to go all out,  go for the triple combo! It's totally worth it.
5 Recommend by my brother to try this place out. He said there's usually a super long line out the door. Luckily for me, the line was a bit shorter than usual.   This place is the best place to buy a delicious, cheap and fulfilling meal. I ordered 2 small roast pork over rice to go, and it came out to be $8.50!!!!   As I went home and chow down, it was surprisingly delicious for that cheap of a price. I'll definitely come back here when I'm craving for cheap and quick Chinese food!
5 Not that this place needs another review... I'll make it sweet and simple.  Best grab-n-go meal and probably more so a great hangover food.  Loved the roasted pork dish, perfect portion with rice and delicious steamed cabbage, drizzled with their glaze sauce. Couldn't ask for more for its price.   I don't eat duck so I can't vouch for it, but husband said it was delicious minus the hassle to eat as it had bones. But knowing my husband, he ate the meal with his bare hands in the park without gloves meant that the meal was worth getting his hands dirty.  Especially loved that we were picnicking in the park in front of Wah Fung with the Chinese grandmas and grandpas on their morning exercise as we dug into our meal.
5 Wah Fung serves up an array of savory roasted meats over rice at wallet-friendly prices on the Lower East Side.  this is a gritty fast-paced Chinese barbecue meats joint. there is no seating. Wah Fung is strictly a grab-n-go restaurant. the space is very small and worn-in. it has that old school New York feel. basically you get on line as there is always a small line that juts out the door bc the place is tiny. the line moves fast.   the food? a delicious selection of Chinese comfort food. there are several choices of meat: roasted duck, roast pig (pork belly), barbecue pork (char sui), and roast chicken. the sizes are small ($4-$5ish) and large ($6-8). you can get one kind of meat, two meats, or three meats-- over rice and cabbage.   the char siu (bbq Pork) + pork belly (roasted pig) are my go-to combo. yes, i am ODing on swine, but both are that good. the char sui is savory sweet and loaded with flavor. the pork belly is crispy fatty and meaty. the rice and cabbage soaks up the layers of flavor from the proteins and it makes for a satisfying meal. the small is ample if you're hangry or can be shared by two if you're looking for just a bite. the large is HUUUUGE. prices are low. the food is filling.   tip: duck runs out, so go earlier in the day.  there are so many public seating options in the area like the parks and gardens that you can grab food and eat "al fresco" aka outside.   the staff is fast and efficient. they keep the line moving. make up your mind before you order as they don't have time for your q's or shenanigans. lol  drops mic cuz i'm WAH FUNGING tonight i out zzz
5 Sometimes you come across a place that is too good to be true, and Wah Fung, my friends, is one of those places.    It is super fast, super cheap, and most importantly, super delicious.  If you grew up in an asian household, then you definitely remember eating roast pork with rice and some sweet sauce growing up.  This is childhood in a small greasy container that costs only $4-5 a serving.    If its your first time and you're unsure if you're going to like the meat, then get a small, but I assure you that you will like it, it's impossible not to.    Also, don't judge the container by its appearance, they pack ALOT of food in it, it fills me up and I have a gigantic appetite.    It's not your typical meal that you think of when you think of NYC, but for  me it is.  I love this place, and I'm sure you will too!
5 I've never been so excited to give a review!! This was mind blowing good, authentic, and CHEAP. Two people shared one portion of the 三宝饭 ($7) which included duck , chicken, pork, rice and Napa cabbage, and we were both full. Cash only, super fast service. This place deserves so much more hype!!!
5 Still a solid authentic Chinese fast food place. I haven't been here for 5+ years and they've raised the price to $4.25 for a small order of bbq roast pork (sweet and flavorful) over rice, but I don't blame them as rent is consistently going up all across NYC.   They're very efficient and hardworking people who consistently put out good Chinese food at cutting edge low prices. I'll have to come back to try their roast duck and chicken platters.
5 THIS. RIGHT. HERE. IS. HEAVEN. TO. MY. MOUTH.  Fast, Cheap, and Delicious!! Definitely not your typical tourist food when visiting NYC, but where I'm traveling from -- no good Asian food at all. So I was happy to come here eat!!   When I arrive, there was a line. Maybe like 15 people ahead of me. Got my food in like 7mins. Very quick since everything is pretty much ready! I believe it's cash only, so have cash on you!  I order the small pork with rice and veggies for $4.25. Honestly, it was a lot jam packed into a small container. My husband and I shared one because we were going on a food adventure throughout the day. But after eating that small, we immediately regretted not getting a large and getting full off of it because we think it's worth it! Hahah.   It's savory, sweet and yummy. The best combination in the world. I wish I could go back and eat. My heart is crying for it. Haha.
5 Price is hard to beat. Less than 10 dollars I got a large roast pork rice and a roasted chicken leg. It was a ton of food and both the pork and chicken were very tender. There was a bit of a line even at 4 in the afternoon but it moves pretty quickly. My only complaint is that it was too much rice and not enough veggies, but that can easily be a positive for others! Rice was on the wetter side so I can see others thinking it too mushy, but you can ask them to not add the sauce on top of the rice.
3 Im giving this restaurant a three because although the food was seasoned well (i ordered the roast chicken special with cabbage and Rice)  and was very juicy - the food gave me a nasty case of food poisoning and i had a terrible stomach on account of the food poisoning for 2 days after . I wont go into the details of my toilet excursions but it was not pleasant . Let me repeat there is nothing wrong with the taste of the food (if you like five spice powder this is your place) but its how they store there meats is what im concerned about .
5 We had a good, quick lunch from here. We sat on a bench at the park across the street and enjoyed our meal of pork and rice. Very simple and well prepared food. Never would have found this place if not for the Yelp reviews.
1 I honestly don't see the hype other than the fact that it's so cheap. I had tried the chicken and pork over rice the other day & I agree that it did look appealing. However, I did not think it was seasoned and the sauce from the meat that they pour on the rice taste like pure oil. I most likely will not be coming here again.
4 I came here with high hopes. Based on the excitement and large publicity, I was a bit disappointed. They gave good portions for the cheap $4 price; but duck flavor wasn't very strong. BBQ pork was good and roast pork ran out.  I wouldn't go out of my way to come here; but if you're in the area for some comfort classics, this is a great choice
5 The food here is simply perfect! There's really no other way to put it, it's just great. I highly recommend the roast duck or pork plate. The prices are also affordable and the plate will pack a punch, since everything is seasoned to perfection.
5 Wah Fung is the no 1 for fast food. This place is only 5 stars if you want comfort Chinese food for cheap and as fast as possible.   Their menu is pretty simple but also a little confusing. The small ranges from 5-6$ and the large is 6.50-7.50. They put rice, Napa cabbage, your choice of meat, and they a ladle of sauce. The meat selections:  Pork: this is their marinated roasted pig. Probably the best it's sweet and delicious. Sometimes can be dry though.  Chicken: is a chicken leg that they chop into pieces. It tastes the best but it has a lot of small bones that are chopped smaller and sometimes annoying to eat.  Pig: refers to the pork belly which must be fried because the skin is crunchy. This is their specialty but I think it is very inconsistent because sometimes it's too fatty and sometimes the skin is too hard and dry.  But for five dollars you get a lot of great food smushed together. Worth the line!
5 For only $4.25 for a small rice bowl with roast pork, you really can't go wrong. The pork was tender, fatty, and delicious. For a "small" size, the container was jam packed with food and definitely enough to fill me up without overeating.   Asking for no extra sauce was a good move because it was still flavorful enough and I didn't want to feel too greasy. I'm sure it would have been extra delicious with it though.  When I first got there was a line, but it moved pretty fast. Also it is cash only so be prepared!
5 Had the Duck and Chicken. It was delicious, def worth the small wait.  Heard about it on insider foods, it did not disappoint
5 I came back last Friday.  It is still a long wait to get your food.  My favorite is still the 3 combo of roast pig,  roast pork and duck.  always ask for the sauce and the ginger scallion.
4 Made the trek to Chinatown for this YouTube gem and as expected, I was happy to see the line. Waiting on line made everyone eager with anticipation and the food did not disappoint. I ordered the small roast pork combo over rice, took it over to the park across the street and devoured the whole container of food. The only knock on the experience was that the food wasn't as much as I've seen in previous pictures or reviews. The amount of food for the price was fine but I guess my YouTube-hyped expectations thought there would be more pork but all in all the overall amount of food was perfectly adequate. If anyone knows anything else I should try or how I can ask for hot oil please help a brother out!
5 Oh yeah, I got to try this staple of a place over the weekend and enjoyed paying only a few dollars for a meal. My gf and I walked over to the park after getting a small tray of crispy roast pork and bbq pork. It was delicious. There were a few fatty parts in there but I'm sure that is where all the flavor is coming from. Some of it was just to fatty for her but overall I think it's a solid choice if you are on a budget and are hungry. They don't skimp on the food given worth a visit.
5 Cash only  I ordered the small roasted pork duck chicken ($5) which was actually a lot more than I expected! They pack a small container to the top with rice, cabbage, and meat. I wanted to try all the meats and my favorite was the roasted pork. Even the cabbage is good and flavorful.   There's no seating inside but there's a park across the street. On a beautiful day you can go outside and watch people do tai chi and just hanging out.  For the price and the value you really can't beat this hole-in-the-wall gem in Chinatown.
3 First time here, I got the 3 meat over rice.  With the understanding that roast pork should be eaten with fatty portion, but I found their roast pork to be too "tendony" (too chewy, not editable fat/tendon) for my taste, didn't get that tenderness that I expected.  The Chicken had real good taste as well as the roast pig, wished I had gotten more of the crispy skin from the pig.  Though I didn't get duck, from the person before me, it looked pretty good.  The gem is the rice that became infused with the sauce from the meat and the added sauce they put on.  Service was fast even with a line at 3:30pm on a weekday.  All said, it didn't meet my expectation, maybe due to the over hype.  But there was enough "taste" that I plan to come back for a second try.  Will post a update when that happens.
5 One of the best hidden gems in Chinatown NYC! $4.25 for a filling portion of roasted pork or chicken over rice, $1.75 extra to upgrade to the larger size (2 meats more rice and veggies), keep the price like this please! I thought this was one of those hyped up places in NYC but I was wrong. The char siu was juicy and the sauce is not too sweet or overpowering, and the roasted pig was crispy on the edges without being extremely greasy. Coming back soon for seconds!!
5 This hole in the wall is one of Chinatown's best gems. Once around the corner, the place is easy to spot because there is almost always a line waiting. My friend and I couldn't decide on our meat, so we ended up getting a combo.  You simply walk in and order and they will have your food ready in a second. The butcher cuts it up right in front of you. For the price, you are getting a great deal of food. The park is right across the street and is a great place to enjoy the meal.  Roast Pork and Duck: The meat was honestly amazing, juicy and bursting with flavor. The rice and vegetables end up being really savory because of the meat sitting and dripping from the top. Perfect combination meal. 5/5
4 Long lines move quickly. No place to sit inside, you wouldn't want to if there were seats, however there is a park across the place. Cash only so get it ready. This is cheap eats in NY and you will get full. The BBQ pork is delicious and didn't have the stink smell. I recommend this if you are browsing for a NY experience with a cheap way to eat.
5 Wah Fung has been around for YEARS and it's quality has not declined over the years. It is definitely a no frills place; YOURE HERE FOR THE DELISH FOOD, NOT TO IMPRESS YOUR DATE. For only $4.25, you can get yourself a delicious serving of roasted bbq pork with veggies over rice. If you are feeling extra hungry, you can upgrade to a large for just $6.00 (talk about a deal!). This place is seriously amazing; cheap and delicious, it just can't be beat.  This place has a variety of meats you can order at different prices (chicken, duck, pork). Take-out only, so no seating and cash only. No restrooms. Be careful of the weekend lines, because the line frequently goes out the door, but it moves relatively quickly. Because it is right across the street from the park, i recommend eating on the park benches during the warm weather.
5 So cheap and so good !! Bang for your bucks !! CASH ONLY!!  The line can look intimidating, but don't let it fool ya- it moves quickly! If you love char siu (Chinese roast pork) which is usually sweet and tender served with rice and sautéed cabbage. Amazing for only about 5 bucks for a small! My boyfriend and I ordered a large roasted pork and roasted chicken! Definitely flavorful and such a comforting food. Where else can you find some good cheap food in Chinatown ?!
5 Solely my number one reason to go back to New York other than the beautify crowded city itself. I'm in Houston and no where can make the charsiu as tender and juicy like WF#1. Can we talk about how affordable it is? I got the combo for $4.50! It is an absolute must try when you visit Chinatown. Can't wait to visit here again. This place is just amazing !
5 The most happy making, filling, simple meal I have ever had. I've tried all three (pork,duck and chicken) but I just think the chicken is the best! The pork tastes so good too. Cash only. No frills. Usually a line. SO worth it! :)
4 $6 for roast duck over rice. Cheap, delicious, comforting food, and a great place to grab and go or for meal planning.  Dont come close to closing on weekends because they will run out of food.
5 Tasty Cantonese roast meats and can't beat the value. The roast pork is delicious. I've seen Wah Fung mentioned in lots of places given its rise in popularity, but the one that really got me was Mike "Strictly Dumpling's" YouTube video from a few years ago. After seeing that video I knew I needed to get some Wah Fung asap. I love supporting Chinatown businesses and the delicious food at Wah Fung makes that easy to do.
5 Iconic, Delicious, Cheap and Fast. What more does one ask for? :))))) We kinda left it out for too long so it got cold. Keep in mind that there's no seat in the store. But other than that the chicken and duck were so good.
4 This was close but has a long way to get to 5 stars ,even on a very esthetic level, what makes it great its local and people have been coming all there lives.It was the friendliest waiting line ever, and you will be waiting but not so long. The food and price was great, I had the pork and duck combo,I'd go with the pork alone, the duck was not filling. Heres the thing we ate outside because its take away only and it was sunny but chilly. When the pork cools down or has absorbed all the liquids it can get a little chewy, that said enjoy
5 I stumbled across this gem of a place while exploring Chinatown. The $5 small rice plate(box) with duck and roast pork was so damn good!! They give you some steamed cabbage and spoon Over the meat drippings(magic sauce) over everything. I went to Joes Shanghai and Peter Luger later that day but what i remember from that day is the rice plate i had here. 10/10 would come back!
5 First time I came I saw a long line outside this very small takeout and I decided this had to be a great place. I ordered the large plate with roast pork, headed over the park to sit down, and it was just a great meal. The pork is incredibly juicy and tender. Now I come back whenever I can. If I am with a friend driving around I will make sure we come here. I think I must have turned about a dozen friends into regulars.
1 I'm going to give this spot another shot.  What's all the hype about? The legend is not living up to reality. Maybe because it's cheap eats.  Well, you get what you pay for (@ times). I ordered the duck and pork over rice and vegetables.  Blah. The pork was very 'porky?'  The duck was good minus those duck bone spurs tearing your meal enjoyment to shreds!! Like I said, I'll go again. Maybe I'll try a different order or eat the food right away.
5 Got here at around 8:30 am expecting to wait until 9 am for them to open (posted opening time on yelp). To my surprise they were already open and there was only a few people inside. I got a small barbecue pork with rice and cabbage. The service was fast and I jetted off to the park bench to enjoy my meal. The pork was tender and flavorful. They poured some bbq pork sauce on the rice and that made it even better. It was a good size and I only paid $4.75. You can't go wrong with such a cheap price; a 16oz boba milk tea costs more than this meal.
4 Really nice pork with rice and cooked salad to take away for only 9 dollars. It was good for 2 people. :)  I recommend to try it!
5 Needlessly to say that this is the best Chinese food store where you can come in and buy a quick, tasty and valued food. Chinese BBQ pork which requires time and effort to make is so great here at Wah Fung.
5 Visited Wah Fung for the first time today and it was everything I had read about.   There was a line out the door, but I didn't wait longer than five minutes. It was simple. When I got close to the register, I told the employee what I wanted. He quickly made my order, I paid for the food and I was out the door. I ordered a small roasted pork with rice and vegetables. The roasted pork was definitely the highlight. There was so much flavor and it was juicy.  So for $4.25 and 10 minutes of my time, I enjoyed a meal that was filling and delicious. I'm sad and happy that I don't live close to Wah Fung. Sad because I can't have it everyday. Happy because I can't have it everyday, or I'd probably get fat pretty quickly.
4 This place felt really authentic. Two options pork or chicken. Rice or noodles. Simple and delicious. Real chinese food. I got pork with noodles yum. Go get some dumplings next door
5 With its roasted ducks and BBQ pork hanging in the storefront window, not to mention the long line out the door, Wah Fung serves up a delicious meal that's difficult to pass up.   Wah Fung is known for its char siu (roasted BBQ pork) meal combo with rice and vegetables for $4.25. The employees here do not skimp on the meat despite the cheap price. I've been able to make two servings out of this one purchase. Talk about more bang for your buck.   It's cash only. Seating is not available.
5 Prior to coming here for the first time, I have noticed the super long line made up of a diverse group of people. I think this is testament to Wah Fung's universally appetizing and reasonably priced dishes. Wah Fung has a small menu consisting of classic Chinese food like roast duck, chicken, BBQ pork, and roasted crispy pork over rice. The amount and quality of food is great for the price, no wonder there was always a long line of people outside.
5 Found this place three years ago walking over to lucky star bus for a trip to Boston and have since been hooked, visiting quite frequently.  The duck is my favorite but everything is delicious!  Cash only and always with a long line (that moves very quickly); this is one of my go to places in Chinatown for fast cheap delicious eats!
4 For $7, you cant really complain. They have basic options here which makes them so successful. Me and my bf walked prob 1/2 mile to get to this place after finding out the breakfast joint I wanted to go to didn't take walk ins. We were a bit skeptical of this place, but we were so hungry and didn't want to waste any more time walking around. We both got the three item meat with rice. Duck,pork, and chicken. The pork was the best. Duck barely had any meat, and well chicken, it was good, but I'm a sucker for sweet food so pork took the win! After getting our food, the line went from about 5 people to 15 people. There was no where to sit so we stood outside someone's door steps and ate while watching the line get longer and longer. Passerby's were curiously watching us eat and got in line to get some themselves. I wish they didn't serve as much rice, only because I ended up throwing it away after.
2 I realize I'm at a point in my life where I'd rather pay a few dollars more for quality than whatever this is. Was the food cheap? Yes. Was it plentiful? Absolutely. Did I throw most of it out because it was fatty and just not well seasoned? I did. But Wah Fung has been on my list of places to visit for about .... 10 years now, so glad I finally tried it out. 18 year old me would have loved this place.
5 Great Price awesome quality love it here ! I had pork over rice for only 4 dollars and it tasted amazing. The place always has a line out the door but it's worth the wait.
5 If you are craving for lots of meat and cheap price,  then this place is for you.  Their prices are a lot cheaper and meat a lot more than other places. The meat is fat and juicy and flavorful. Other places usually have thinner pieces of meat. There's no seating here but you can get this to go and eat it at the park across from it. My fave place to eat in this area.
4 Customer service isn't stellar. The staff seems cold and a bit impatient- but I guess it makes sense because they have to keep the line moving. I got the small bbq pork and my husband got the large mix of bbq pork and the crispy pork. After reading reviews, I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be by the taste. It was good but nothing amazing. However, the portion is really good for the price so I had to give it a 4/5. I was a bit disappointed because I didn't receive any of the cabbage or "vegetable" that all the reviews mention and is listed on their menu. My friends and husband did get some cabbage in theirs, so not sure why they didn't give it to me, but I didn't notice until after we left. Also, I asked for the green sauce and saw some behind the counter but the staff claimed they ran out. Not sure if I will come back to this spot but if I'm in the area and want something quick and cheap maybe.
5 Roasted pork. Simple, direct, & true to its flavor. Cheap & affordable. Small hole in the wall on point. Now added NYC Asian food crawl
4 At its price point this is a killer deal, 12 bucks for a large duck over rice and large roast pork over rice. These dishes are quintessential canto staples that i grew up with and this establishment makes it pretty well. The reason this isn't an 5/5 is because the rice and duck combo wasn't flavorful enough for my liking, i definitely recommend adding the sweet soy sauce but i took my order togo so it was too late for me.
5 Found this place after watching several Youtubers feature this shop.  It doesn't look much inside out but it's a gem!  When we arrived around 3pm on a Sunday there wasn't any line at all, but after we placed our order there was a line up out the door!    The prices are insanely cheap and the portions are huge.  More importantly they taste delicious and the meat is not full of fat or too greasy like some other Chinese bbq places.  The sauce is sweet and the rice comes with some chinese cabbage.    I paid $5 for a small box of chicken and bbq pork combination.  I also paid $6 for a large box of duck and bbq pork combination.  Both boxes were filled with a generous portion.  I'll come back!
4 A totally no frills take-out only restaurant offering delicious chinese bbq roast pork, chicken, duck and pig (with crispy skin).  You can opt for a one choice of meat, or a combo, that is served with asian style gravy over rice and cabbage. Unbelievable prices from $4.50 (sm) to $6 (lg) that is packed to the max capacity of the food container.  It's difficult to find a better deal for a delicious protein packed meal.
4 its pretty cheap and theres always a line, which means its cheap and good! i've been going to this guy way before he had a store, like 10-15 years ago when he had a steamed rice roll, fish ball, rice noodle stand (vendor) on the street by Elizabeth street. I actually miss his old street food which was only $1 for a small box of food. Now that he has a store front , he serves rice boxes (Med and large size) for around $4 and up. He marinates the meats himself and roast his own duck and pig. This guy does it all, very talented and hard working. He always charges very low prices for big portions and this is why he is so popular and so many people go to him regardless if it rain or shine. Apparently he still has fish balls, rice rolls and noodles available for sale but those are less popular now since he is offering the meats/ rice box w/veggies. I've been a fan since I was a kid and its good to see him become successful from such a small street vendor to begin with.  I recommend the roast pork, duck and char siu rice box, those are the most popular there, I believe its $6.5 for two kinds of meats and $4 for the small rice box with one kind of meat.
5 Delicious and dirt cheap!! We came here at around 10am to grab a quick meal before delving into more foods in the area. The food here is oily, the meat is fatty, and the portion is big. I think one plate was only around $6. You really can't find anywhere in America that serves Roast Pork as good as this for as cheap as this!
3 Came here after all the rumblings of cheap eats in China town.   I got the small platter of chia su or pork with cabbage and rice and it was flavorful. The pork was well seasoned and had a good mix of fat and meat. I didn't like the rice much since they sprinkled some kind of broth on it and made it mushy and soggy.  If you can just get the meat without the rice I would do that or if you can ask the person to not sprinkle the broth on it, that'll be good too.   The Line wasn't bad since it moved quick. But I could see it getting longer during lunch time.  There is a park in front with many porches so you can eat and relax before you go about your way.   Overall, I would come back considering the price  and the portions and remember its CASH ONLY.
2 I came here with very high expectations and left disappointed. There was a line out the door on a Tuesday afternoon, so I assumed that this meal would be amazing. I ordered a small roasted pork over rice with vegetables which cost $4.25.   For the price, they do give you a good amount of food. I mainly hated that they pour this watery sauce all over your rice. Since we got it to go by the time we wanted to eat the dish, our rice was way too soggy. The pork also has a lot of fat on it and is very greasy. Maybe I am expecting too much of such a cheap meal :/ The pork also had an unpleasant smell to it.  In my opinion, the food here is just disappointing. You can definitely find some better cheap eats in the area.
5 $6 for a large portion of roast pork (the juiciest you'll ever have in your life), cabbage, and white rice. You seriously can't complain.
5 If you're in chinatown, this is a stop you must check out for some cheap and delicious BBQ! For $4.25 you get a solid, hearty meal with BBQ pork over rice and vegetables. The pork was nicely flavored and they really do not skimp out. Good portion size for what you pay. Super fast service, would love to come here again.
5 Very simple formula. About four choices: duck, chicken, roast pig, roast pork (char siu) over rice & cabbage. Pork and pig are great. Nice crispy skin on the pig. Chicken is good, but not as good and come with bones, typical of Chinese dishes. Juices soak up in the rice.
4 Great hole in the wall spot to grab some roasted pork with rice and veggies. It is definitely bang for your buck and the wait is not long at all. Definitely worth traveling to and picking up a plate.
5 Seriously I drive from New Jersey once a week just to get this. 7 bucks for 3 kinds of BBQ meat over rice + Holland Tunnel toll fees and 1-hr round trip, it's still better than most of Cantonese restaurant in NJ.
1 I'm not recommend it I bought big size roast pork with rice they give you so much grease piece hiding in from lean piece that chopped so tiny look to be good but not at all depend if you stereotyping of bad looking so time is too disgusting looking to you
5 10/10 would come back. Platters come with meat, rice, and cabbage. Super simple. I got the combo of all 3 (duck, bbq pork, and chicken) and thought the bbq pork was the best. It just had more flavor than the others, but the duck and chicken were still good. Rice was super flavorful because they add some sauce on it. Cabbage was really amazing too. A little bit of wait, but line moves quick. Huge portion for a really cheap price. Cash only.
5 Best bargain in Chinatown. Rice orders overstuffed to the max with your choice of roast pork, soy chicken, or roast duck. Always busy with lines so if there's 10 people on line it may be 30 minutes wait. Been a regular here for over 10 years.
5 This place is the real deal. The menu is simple - you basically choose roast duck, bbq pork, or chicken to go with your white rice. But the quantity and quality of food you get is unbeatable for the price. I'm a lover of duck and this is some of the best roast duck you'll find anywhere. The rice is fresh and hot - and tastes great with the broth they pour over it.  There's usually a line out the door and there's nowhere to sit inside so be prepared to get your food and go somewhere else to eat. Be wary of other businesses next door coming out to yell at you while standing in line even though the sidewalk in front of their business is public property.
5 Went here at 7pm on the dot last week was worried they might be closed because they close at that time. Luckily they took my order.   Wow crispy pork belly was amazing and of course the char siu
5 Fooking beautiful mate. I've been eating roast port for over 20 years of my life and this, this is one of the best yet.
5 Honestly if I lived near Chinatown I would eat here every other day lol. It's so yummy and so cheap... what more could you ask for?? I came later in the day so they ran out of the pork. I was disappointed and got the chicken, which turned out amazing. I'll be back to try the pork. And then I'll be... back again. And again. And again!
4 Get the cha su pork! its really good and really cheap for the price. And also has a lot of flavor!  Dont get the duck. It cost a little bit more but didnt have that much meat or flavor.   This place is cash only, if theres a line, wait for it. They were pretty fast and you cant beat these prices!
5 I went on a Saturday evening for roast pork and roast chicken over rice. But roast pork was over. So I only got roast chicken over rice. For $4.25 that was enough food. Chicken was tender and very flavorful. Rice was fragrant. There was a good amount of oil in the food. I would definitely go back for more.
5 If you come to Chinatown this is a MUST stop. At $5 for a small you're getting so much value for your money. You can choose between just roasted pork, duck, chicken or any combination of the three.  The meats were perfectly roasted, and their sauce was out of this world. Even the cabbages were steamed just right, not too hard and not too cooked.   The only downside is there are no seats inside, and finding a place to sit is a bit tricky because most shops in the area don't allow you to bring outside food. There's a boba shop (with okay boba) right across the street that does allow you to bring outside food if you buy their boba. Or you can also sit on one of the benches at the park right across the street for a lovely meal!
4 Yes, I jumped in the line to experience the hype.  This was my 2nd time, the first was when my bf brought me a takeout of roast pig and charsiu to work and I knew it was not your average Chinese barbecue.  Went again on that weekend and stood over a half an hour with about 20 social media'd millennials in the cold just to walk away with 3 carnivore's containers of contentment.  It was fattier than my first time but delicious and satisfying nonetheless.  If I keep this habit up, I'll gain the equivalent in my consumed pork poundage.  You can by the pound or your choice of 1, 2 or 3 meats over rice.  The roast pig is very tendēr but maintains an amazing amount crispy skin.  The charsiu is sweet and savory all at once.  Have a plan on where to eat this lusciousness as there are no seats in this proverbial hole-in-the-wall greasy spoon.  The park across the street would be a good choice to sit and enjoy your meal but when it's only 20 degrees, you retreat to you car or subway.  It's worth the search for a place to devour your find.
5 This place is delicious! I have been here multiple times and they have never failed me! There is always a MASSIVE line in front of this place, but that tells you that this place is one of everyone's favs!!!! It is also very cheap, which is a nice bonus. If you guys visit this place, you will not regret it! If you're in the area, definitely come and check it out! When you line up, you can see the juicy roast duck, roast pork, and when you get inside, it is warm and SUPER delicious smelling! But keep in mind, THIS PLACE HAS NO SEATING!!! That was the one mistake that we made when we came in, but that is too minor a mistake to take off any stars!
5 $5 you get a very generous portion of roast pork (or whatever roast meat of your choosing) some steamed cabbage and rice. They touch the meat/money with the same gloves but oh wells. It's worth. There's usually a line outside of the place but service is pretty quick. Cash only!!
5 If you're looking for delicious food under $10 this is the place to visit. The duck is very fresh and juicy every bite. I got a large duck over rice which was only $6 the small is only $5 packed in a small container. This is a grab and go kinda spot it will have a line outside so hurry up and order your food. Best place to go for quick food grabs
5 I've seen videos of this place floating around online but didn't get a chance to try it out until now. This place is amazing! I came here for lunch on a Friday afternoon and there was a lineup out the door, though it moved pretty fast and it was my turn to order within 10 minutes. I got the small roast pork with rice, and two of these cost a total of $8.50, which is insanely cheap especially in NYC. There isn't any seating indoors (the place is really small), so my friend and I walked to the food court nearby and ate there. The food was great! Very simple (pork, cabbage, rice) but really hit the spot. Overall great food at a really cheap price point!
5 Wah Fung is one of my favorite types of NYC joints. Inexpensive, good quality, fast service, and busy! In Chinatown, there are plenty of places that are inexpensive, dozens that are good, and numerous places which are busier than here, but rarely do all four of those bullet points intersect.   Inexpensive, good quality, and fast service are self-explanatory, but let me explain why busy is a good thing. My favorite dollar slice pizza joint in NYC is 2 Bros. But I've also been to dollar slice places that are pretty bad, serving up rubbery old, pizza that gets reheated just to remelt the cheese. The big difference between these places is that every 2 Bros I have been to has lines out the door of people getting slices, at almost every hour of the day. The line is a minor inconvenience with an added benefit that you know you are getting a hot slice, freshly made, and one that just came out of the oven. Wah Fung No 1 Fast Food is like 2 Bros in this aspect.  Don't let the line scare you, it moves very quickly. The line and popularity of this restaurant ensures that the ingredients are always freshly prepared, cooked, and rotated and that you will get an amazing meal on the cheap.  I had the roast duck over rice with veggies (really just a few pieces of boiled cabbage), with some of their unmarked-bottle hoisin sauce on it. The duck was well cooked, crispy, fatty skin, tender meat. It had more bones than I would have liked, but you can't expect the world when paying less than $5 for lunch. There's no seating here, so take your to-go bag and sit int he park directly across the street. Wah Fung definitely filled me up, and is a great resource to have if in need of a tasty, cheap, and fast meal in Chinatown.
5 Well there's not much to say really...it's No1 for a reason, it's simply the most delicious Char Siu I've had and the price is great! You won't be disappointed.
5 This place needs to come to Toronto. You cannot beat the prices at Wah Fung. We got their ROASTED DUCK, PORK AND CH ($6.50). It really is the #1 fast food place in New York and I would go back in a heartbeat. They don't have anywhere to sit, but definitely worth standing for.
5 Food is delicious, prices are cheap, and service is always prompt. There is definitely a line at times but well worth it. The quantity you get every time does vary and sometimes you can get a lot of bony or fatty parts but good quality in general. The elderly grandpa is harmless and a lovely character. Be ready to order when you're at the front of the line.   Harmless musings: the staff touch money with their gloved hands, which they they subsequently touch duck and pork with. Not perfectly hygenic but perfectly delicious.
5 TINY place--almost 1 person wide.  Cash only (they literally just throw the cash into a cardboard box behind them).  The Char Siu was GOOD, but not amazing.  The "roast pig" however, was incredible.  Crispy, crackly skin and meltingly tender pork. Get that, large, over rice, for like $6.  Crazy good.  Line was out the door, but moved very quickly.
5 wow this place is awesome! one of my favorite places in new york. Owner is really nice, food is good, food is cheap, and the atmosphere is super unique (as quick as fast food but tastes like a top restaurant and the mood of a small cafe). Highly highly recommend. I get the duck because i dont like pork, but im sure pork tastes good to. Get the large size! It looks like a lot of food and it is a lot of food but you will finish all that food because it tastes very good.
3 There are no tables or chairs in the store so you have to either take the food and eat outside or eat home. So I don't think it is okay to visit this store in winter. Also, foods are okay, I think there are some place better around with tables and chairs. Great price though!
5 One of the best Char Siu (Roasted BBQ Pork) I've ever had in a long time! For $4.25 you can get your choice of Char Siu or chicken w/scallion ginger. I got the Char Siu and the meat was SUPER flavorful, juicy, and tender! There's also rice and Napa cabbage underneath the meat too! The portion size is big and it's not one of those things where because they give you a lot of rice and then stack the meat on top making it look like there's a lot of meat when it's full of rice. They give you so much meat that when they put the lid on they literally have to press the meat down in order to close it!   Highly recommend it! Great deal for just $4.25! If you have not gotten the chance to give this place a try, you need to go! This is not a recommendation, this is an order! lol JK! Local or tourist, you have to try this!
4 I go here for a good fixing of rice and meat and go for the large because it really is two meals for me. And it's only 6 bucks! What more can you ask for. However, pork is delicious, but sometimes you get the fat parts of the meats and it becomes inedible. So sometimes it's not consistent. You'll get the tender meats and saucy rice and cabbage one day, but maybe some really fatty parts that can't be chewed. I definitely think their pork is the best. The chicken was pretty good too but duck was nothing to rave about. But I mean again, the deal is definitely worth it. I feel like if you speak Chinese you have a better time ordering. I know the signs says roasted pork, but what you really get is char siu pork, the reddish kind. They have roasted pork, the one with the hard pork skin as well, but when you say roasted pork, you get char siu. Some ladies ahead of me ordered both without rice, which is what I wanted as well, but I feel because I just said roasted pork in English, I get that deal for 6 bucks with rice and cabbage. I guess I need to figure out how to order it without the rice and the proper words for the two different types of pork meat.  Anyhow, there always seems to be a line, but it moves quick. It's cash only and it's small. No seats. Take it to the park across the street and eat it and you can also enjoy watching kids plan hand ball or people play mahjong.
5 My favorite place to get a quick bite! The pork is flames, the duck is flames, and it's so cheap it's almost unfair. My boy uncle shushu who works there is the man! Been there forever and still going strong. Make sure you tip my boy on your way out! Yuhearddddd
5 My favorite YouTuber Mike Chen led me this place and my life got better ever since! The charsu over rice is a must have and my favorite. Best for small bucks and taste not compromised. Everytime I am in Chinatown, I will make a detour to get a takeout.
5 The review here don't lie! WOW this place is SO GOOD! The meat is juicy and the sauce they pour over the meat is also bursting with flavor!   P.s don't come near closing as the roast duck tends to be sold out.
5 This is the best chinese BBQ pork place I have ever tried. I have tried to find a place that has yet to come close to wah fungs. Who says cheap food can't be good?   The small BBQ pork plate was good enough for lunch. It comes on a bed of rice with steamed cabbage and topped off with cuts of the BBQ pork. Make sure you ask them to add extra sauce to the plate so it drizzles down to the cabbage and rice. So good.   Usually there is a line but it goes by fast. Cash only and no seating but there is a park across the street with plenty of seating.
5 Got a large chicken and rice for $6 (the smaller one is less than $5) so this place is pretty cheap!! Honestly, I'd go here and just get the chicken and just make myself some rice at home and eat it for dinner every day if I could.  I love the cabbage and the saucy rice!! I ate it right when I got home when it was still warm and it was delicious, I also ate the rest of it a couple hours later after microwaving it and it was still delicious.  10/10, would come again.   CASH ONLY! No space to sit down either, but SO good.
5 So yummy!!! Best $5 spent in a while! Pork was delicious and fresh! Will definitely return when I'm in the area again.
4 Cheap, delicious hole-in-the-wall Chinese food in LES/Chinatown.  I've been twice, both times on Sundays around 1pm, and there was at tops a 10 minute line. I've heard that the line can get really long, but the line moves fast.  I ordered a large bbq pork/duck combo over rice and vegetables both times I went. The BBQ pork was amazing both times (decently fatty FYI), but the duck missed the mark both times. It was pretty bony with minimal meat on the bones - It's luck of the draw what cut of the meat you'll get.  You can get better quality/tasting Chinese meats in the area, but the value cannot be beat!  Cash only, no seating.
5 Pork and duck over rice, small size for $5. Pair it with a boba from Kung fu or Panda Cafe nearby for a delicious, simple, and cheap meal. The lineup wasn't too bad when visiting on a sunny winter Sunday at noon. Also, cash only, obviously. Would come back again.
4 This place is so nostalgic.   My bf and I both got duck over rice for a total of $12. We aren't fans of very fatty meats - only enough to give that flavor kick. My cuts of duck were primarily fat (which dropped my rating down to a 4), but did have a thick and juicy layer of meat. It was served with fresh rice, cabbage, and a light sauce.   You walk in, order right away, pick up your food, pay, and leave. No tables. No chit chat. No servers. I love it.
5 Could this tiny little shop offering chopped meats on rice to patrons lined up down the sidewalk waiting to get in their door be serving the most delicious pork in NYC? That's what our daughter believed and we were there on her recommendation. As we waited the smells became more and more enticing and we viewed the roasted meats hanging in the window with mouth-watering anticipation. Finally it was our turn! The chef chopped the pork, laid it on white rice in an aluminum pan and spooned some drippings and broth over it. We eagerly paid and headed back out to the sidewalk to see if it would live up to our daughter's review. One bite of this incredibly flavorful, moist, tender pork with crispy edges, combined with the fantastic sauce and perfectly cooked rice was all it took for us to join Team Wah Fung! We agree it is the best pork in NYC! Maybe the world. We'll get back to you on that.
5 I highly suggest to take just Char Siu (BBQ Pork) over rice and veggies.  Their pork is incredibly good, I liked it more than the duck.  If it wasn't that today was - 15 degrees in NY, I'd have gone again and again!
4 I actually went to get a roasted duck with white rice, was fast to get and tasted actually good. Not so bad for five dollars. Only thing is there isn't no space to eat and sit but besides that it's worth it. :)
4 This is a family owned Cantonese restaurant known for its  roast pork  roast duck and roast chicken with rice and mixed vegetables. it costs $6 and the name is called " sam bo fang". sanitation wise, the workers here do not use gloves while chopping your meats but that's common in most restaurant as this has an opened kitchen. this is also cash only so don't come here with a credit card. i would come back if i want to be guaranteed to be full for less than $7. u really can't do it here in new york with the expensive restaurant in the midtown and uptown area. i never had a problem with the food, and i think this is def a better deal than chiptole or the pizza parlor right next to this restaurant. u can bring your food to the "old people's" park and eat there while watching old chinese man toothpicked their teeth and swinging on the exercise machines. watch out for pigeons as they are plentiful and may drop a deuce or two onto your food. i remember trying to close the carryout box a couple time from the flying pigeons over my head.
2 I bought into the hype. Wah Fung has been featured in every Asian youtuber's account and their expression made this place seem super worth it. Thus, on a hot and sweltering Wednesday afternoon, I started to line up for this place.  The wait wasn't actually bad, probably half an hour. I ordered four combos for my boyfriend and his coworker. Yes, the order was cheap. Yes, the experience was fast. But, no the food was not great. It wasn't bad but I can list at least ten other places like this off the top of my head without a wait, just as cheap and tastes tons better.  I thought it was just me but my boyfriend and his friends also didn't like the food so I will not come back no matter how cheap this place is.  Foods like this are already pretty cheap to begin with, it's not worth waiting on line for something you can get anywhere else for maybe just a dollar or two cheaper.
5 I really loved this place when I visited New York. The line was fairly fast, productivity within in their shop efficient, and the food just out of this world! I've seen many foodies and food blogs recommend this place and it definitely did not disappoint - only $4.50 for a small BBQ pork rice container packed with plenty juicy and fatty meat, cabbage, and rice. So flavorful and satisfying. I grew up eating BBQ pork as it's part of my cultures most favorite foods so I definitely had high standards and expectations going into this experience. I am happy to report that it did not disappoint. I've been searching all over the US for decent ish BBQ pork as the ones in Hong Kong are just so much better...and though the pork is still slightly better in HK the taste, fattiness, and flavor was definitely darn near close at Wah Fung! I wish they had this in LA but will definitely be visiting this place every time I come to NY from now on
4 Small place, Cash only, Speedy service. I went there on a rainy Tuesday afternoon after and interview for a new job.  I decided to try it out due to all of the great reviews that it received and the fact that it was a place for cheap eats in the city.  I arrived and I order the roast pork and duck combo over rice and vegetables large and then a roast pork over rice small. I believe both meals came to 13 dollars. Now I have to admit that I did not eat until I got back to my current job in Westchester NY via the Metro North and a small Uber ride.  Throughout transport, the food stayed hot surprisingly and I think that it had something to do with the aluminum containers. Now on the the taster the rice was cooked perfectly. The vegetable was cooked perfectly. The roast pork was really good especially with that sauce that they apply at the end. The duck, however, was lacking flavor and due to the commute the skin instead of being crispy became really soft and gummy.  I would reccommend coming here if you work or live in the city and can eat it right away. While you wait you do get quite a show because the chef cuts the meat with flare. I would say try the pork.
5 The best. If you're on a budget, ignore the halal carts and come here instead for a $5 meal deal-- I got a small size duck and pork combo, and it is worth every cent. It's warm, hearty, flavourful and packed! They throw in warm white rice and veggies also. I wonder how they make profit here to be honest. I felt very well fed, and it was supposed to be a "small" box. You will not be disappointed-- maybe the line might be a bit intimidating-- but it goes fast, so hold on and wait because it's worth it. Cash only, so get those Lincolns out.
5 Great fast food and value. We got the large lunch special which is $6 and still a good price for how much they pile on the meat on. The flavoring was authentic and some parts were even crispy burnt ends, which I like. There was no line when we got there around 11 am on a weekday, thankfully. Probably one of my go to spots for fast and affordable food if I'm in the Chinatown area.
3 Base on review from yelp and you tube from Mickey chen strikly dumplings about this place so we give shots. Overall after we try rost pork and rost duck over rice it's okay I fell like nothing special . Rosy pork is so dry and rost duck taste is blend I fell both of them is no taste maybe just today . Because I drove from Queens just for this food LOL . And also I'm big fan for rost pork rost duck and rost pig so little bit disappointed today because taste and reviews is different
5 Its a Hole in the wall place. And a very cheap place a large order is only 5.50. Unlike someplace it cost you alot. Worth the travel to the place
5 Very delicious and cheap eats!! $5 for meat, vegetables and rice! It will fill you up! In terms of meat options, there is roast pork, roast duck, roast chicken and roast pig. There is always a long line outside.
4 CHEAP EAT ALERT!  Also beware of the service... 5/5 for the food: Enough has been said about this place: cheap, delicious, quick and very filling! I'm writing this review thinking about the duck. Going to try roasted pork and char siu soon. I gotta have to mention the cabbage that comes along w the rice as well - it was some good boiled cabbage! 2/5 for service: You can't expect much for the quick service. However, one time they ran out of duck and gave me chicken instead, WITHOUT telling me. I could have agreed to choose chicken or something else to substitute, but the lack of respect scarred me (though I'm ashamed for still wanting to go back..). We got laughed at while waiting, not knowing why then. Well, turned out they thought it was funny to trick us. Beware and pay attention to what they cut!
4 I would recommend this place. If you want something filling or not sure where to eat, come here. Price is reasonable and cheap. Even if you get a small box, they will fill the food all the  way up. They have meat, some vegetable cabbage and rice. I would recommend the roast pork rice. I like their roast pork because some juicy, fatness meat in it. Next time, I might try their roast pig instead of the duck (I think that there is more skin and fat in it) and the roast pork. Always try something new.   Note: You might have to wait for a bit. The line can be long. But when you smell the food, it is worth the wait.
5 Literally the best. For 5 bucks you get a small container of rice, boiled cabbage and roast pork. It's cheap, hearty, and delicious. I would eat this everyday if I could. The pork is tender, fatty, and they don't skimp out on the sauce or slices of meat. They only make a few dishes, but boy do they make it well. I will definitely be back here if I'm back in town.
5 Always have to stop by Wah Fung when I'm around the neighborhood to pick up a quick bite. The Char Siu pork is always amazing and never dissapoints! Tender, sweet, and full of flavor. It's no surprise there's always the line outside!
4 Come here for roast pork. This deal is so cheap. Roast pork + rice + cabbage all for like 5 bucks. What???  The roast pork is really tender and fatty with just enough sauce. It's nothing sticky and is a little more subtle and they drip a lot of sauce in your container so if you wanted it more saucy, you can.  Also got the roast duck. That was nothing special and I wouldn't get that again.
4 Great for a quick hearty lunch. There seemed to be other roast duck/pig places along the same street, but this one had a line out the door. Gotta support small business so I'd definitely give the other places a try too if I came back to town. I had gotten the large duck meal ($6) which was twice the size of the medium ($5). I ate half for lunch and the other for a late night snack. It came with cooked cabbage and rice with a scoop of the meat juices poured over. Bring cash!
5 Cheap food and fast service. Make the order quick and simple. Don't complicate it and don't expect fine dining, this is Chinatown people.
5 The best cha siu, Duck and crispy pork belly in all of ny. No seats, always a line, you order and go. Ridiculously cheap. La la la la love this place.
4 Very good and decent price. Not amazing or anything, but come here if you are tight on cash!
4 Definitely a must stop if you're in the neighborhood. Pork is the tastiest around. You go in, get your foot and get the F out.
4 Cheap and delicious..need I say more ?   Love the pork and duck. Small line usually about 5 people depends on the time of day. Lunch time the line is longer but it moves fast.   Super cheap and great food. Give this small spot a try.
5 The best pork in the city!. Little hole in the wall. It's basically a window.  Super cheap and super good
4 I went on a cold Friday night, and there was no one else in the restaurant. I did pass a group of people under an awning a street back who were just huddled together eating from Wah Fung though lol.  I bought a large container of roast pork (char siu) and roast pig, which came on a bed of rice and some cabbage, all for $6. The amounts given were very disportionate: it was like a 3 to 1 ratio of pork to pig. I wasn't too disappointed since I preferred the pork to the pig as the pig was pretty disappointing. The pig had large pieces of fat that was just kinda mushy and was overall pretty tasteless. The only thing I liked of it was the crispy skin bit. The roast pork was much better. Cabbage was fine, rice that was drenched in meat juice was good, but without the meat juice was pretty dry/hard. For the money, the food is worth it, and you barely have to wait for it haha
4 After so many (My friends say too many) visits, it is time for a review. So first, they are not perfect, and when you see the line of people and how many customers they feed every day you will understand. Yes, here and there you might get the dish with less meat and more bones. But the next day you might get lots of meat and less bones. Now to pricing: Ridiculously low. Every time I get food here I feel they don't charge enough. How many places you know you can say it about? Now the food: Delicious. Generous portions, and they make it super fast.  So why only 4 stars? Lately the lines getting longer, and I can tell they didn't put their full attention to the food. Lets hope they will get over it and make the place bigger, or open another one next to it! lol
3 Cheap, decent bbq meats.   Not the best, but not the worst either.  The large order consists of 2 meat choices plus a side of rice and some sauteed cabbage for $6.
5 One of the best joints in Chinatown for delicious pork, duck, and chicken on the go. Although there are usually long lines, it is definitely worth the wait! The portions are big for what you pay for and the meats are flavorful.  I'd say the roast pork over rice is the best if you had to choose just one meat.  Also be aware that it is cash only and there is no place to sit inside.
1 BONES, ARTERIES, TENDONS, WTH?!?  Where does this place have its good ratings from?!  I don't know whether this "restaurant" is supposed to serve traditional Chinese food or whether the food is just uneatable.  As you can see on the pictures, they just cut the duck with ALL bones etc. and served it like that. First, I thought I can just pick out the bones and put them aside, however, this was not possible because the bone splinters were everywhere.   The seasoning of the duck skin was quite good. Still, this meal just made me this close  to becoming vegetarian.
5 Best place to get cha siu. My boyfriend loves it and I had it for the first time and it was so good. Quick service and tons of flavorful meat. It's also very cheap, I only paid $4 for the the box with tons of meat, rice, and veggies. There is no seating but it is beside a big park where my boyfriend and I enjoyed our meal.
4 Went based on a popular video food blogger's recommendation. For a few bucks more, I went for large rice plate at $6 (small is $4.50). That was my first mistake. We did a mini food tour and wanted to try a lot of places in Chinatown. The large was LARGE and filled me up. Second mistake was NOT getting the roasted pork. The char siu pork is good, but the roasted pork is even BETTER. The roasted duck was meh. I would skip on that. Cash only spot. I probably would only come back to try the roasted pork only. No line and super cheap, so was still worth our time.
4 The bbq pork is why people line up outside and it is good. Is it worth lining up for, I'm not sure. The roast pork is good also and you should eat it while the skin is crunchy. Although I feel my arteries clogging as I eat the fat, it tastes so good! For a cheap meal, you can't beat this place.
3 What you need to know:  - My first visit was to buy 5 pounds of roast pork, this time I wanted to see for myself, why the long lines?  - People come here at ALL hours for their inexpensive rice and meat combos. - They proudly have a sign on the front window that says "Choice of Roast Pork or Chicken" small rice $4 "All Day, Everyday"   What I ordered:  - Roast pig and roast pork large rice, price $6 - Yes, it is inexpensive. But is it the best meat? No. Is it worthy of the long lines? In my opinion, no. Their famous roast pork's meat was a tad too firm for me. Their roast pig was not as juicy as I preferred.  Lastly, the rice was really hard! :( I personally prefer King's Kitchen, where you get three succulent meats for $7.25.
5 Fresh, flavorful, cheap. I had the roasted pork with rice, it was amazing.   The pork was crispy on the edges and soft in the center. You could really taste the pork flavor. It was perfectly seasoned and you get a huge portion for the price.   Well recommended!
5 Definitely considered to be a hole in the wall. But it is hands down the best in the business of Chinese roasted meats for the cheapest price. They are a cut above the rest, just don't expect a sit down place here as there are no seats at all.
1 1 star only because i cannot give it 0. Food is terrible bland and tasteless and the prices are not as advertised i ordered a small duck and pork which was on their menu for $4.50 the guy charged me 5 dollars which would not have been so bad if the food was palatable which neither myself nor my friends were able to finish their plates
1 Flavors are extremely bland and the texture of the meat was very mealy.  Cannot recommend to anyone. Will not come back.
5 One of my favorite spots in Chinatown when I need a quick hearty meal. Only $4 for a small bowl of Roasted Pork or Chicken, Rice and Cabbage. It looks deceivingly small but It's the perfect amount of food. The meats are always juicy, tender and hot. I love that they add a couple spoonful of the meat juice on top because it incredibly flavorful. Depending on when you go the line may wrap around the front but they are efficient. Don't forget to bring cash!
5 Huge portions of AMAZING Hong Kong Style Barbeque at extraordinarily cheap prices....All dishes come with stewed cabbage...The "small" size is REALLY FREAKIN' BIG!!!  Got a 1/4 Roast Duck in my "small" Roast Duck and Rice plate...ALL FOR $4!!!!! Are you kidding me!!!??? LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!  HIGHLY HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
5 Joe's Shanghai is just amazing. Great for a group of friends. Joe's Shanghai has an excellent Pork Dumplings, this was my first time trying it at this restaurant, and I was pleasantly surprised with how good it was. Service was amazing and everyone working here was extremely nice and hospitable. My family and I plan to be regulars here.
4 Yes, it's open. Yes, there is indoor dining. Yes, it did move locations from the last time you were there. Yes, the soup dumplings are still super delicious.
5 Just finished feasting at the lovely restaurant recommended by my family...  Everything was A1  The food, presentation and the staff was great.  I ordered the crab meat dumplings with soup inside and crispy pepper skin duck  Simple yet elegant.  Very cozy.  I was able to charge my phone too!
5 Their crab and pork soup dumplings were my favorite! Definitely a must try. We also tried their scallion pancakes, shrimp lo mein, general tso chicken, scallops & prawns with garlic sauce, and their house special glazed crispy jumbo prawns.  The shrimp lo mein was ok, I wouldn't get it again, but the rest was really good. The staff was friendly and were constantly attentive refilling our drinks. They are CASH. ONLY, but they have an atm at the entrance. Great service!
4 Love the soup dumplings. Would give it 4 and a half stars if possible. The other food was pretty good. Just stick with the dumplings
1 Unfortunately this is my first one star review and it's only because i had some of the worst service i've ever had in the city. We sat at our table for about 15 minutes before someone came to talk to us. Then our food took another 45 until it came out. Waaaaaay too long considering the kitchen was fully staffed and the restaurant was pretty empty.   After when we tried to use the restroom they told us that there wasn't a bathroom. then it was dirty. and then we could use it. Weird. No matter how good those dumplings were, we will not be returning.  0/10
5 This place is a MUST! Although this review is old because I went about 3-4 years ago I insist you try this place. Again, before my travels I start to research what locations have good tasting food based on reviews and this one had so many. It's literally some where in china town hole in the wall place , but worth it! Worth the wait and everything I came here for some pork soup buns I think called Xiao Bao best purchase in my life I can still remember the taste up until this day! Just amazing every thing was delicious. The ambiance is also interesting we waited for our turn to sit and we got sat with a group of other people that we did not even know in the same table which was interesting to me, but since the volume of people and their set up is big round table and or squared ones they seat you as it becomes available according to how many you have in your party. Anyways hands down would return I just loved it! Better than LA Chinese food.
5 Omg this place never ceases to amaze.  This is my first time at this new location. So grateful my friend ordered superbly and we all shared on the lazy Susan. The dim sum literally melts in your mouth and the every dish has care and love. Best place to go to after an AAPI+ rally! #stopasianhate #lovetrumpshate
4 This was the second restaurant I ate in, in nyc. I highly recommend!!! The service was really nice and the people were very kind to us. The food was very reasonably priced for very large portions.  9/10 would come again :)
5 Updating my review and keeping 5 stars! I come to nyc a lot to see my sister and this is usually our go to Sunday spot. It's a must try!
5 Great soup dumplings and sesame chicken was sweet with Smokey flavor from the wok. Went on a Friday night and it was packed. Only had to wait less than 30 min. Practiced great Covid safety measures.
3 Stopped in for lunch with wife and girls. Great broth dumplings , tasty slurping. Rice and noodles were also good. They server family style a few plates can be shared amongst a few. Enjoy
5 Soup dumplings are the best in town. Family style dining makes this a normal occurrence as a solo diner. If there's a wait, grab a drink around the corner at the speakeasy apothke.
5 The pork dumplings at Joe's Shanghai are my FAVORITE in the area... flavorful, well cooked, and affordable. I love coming here and friends and family love when I bring food over from here !
5 Amazing as always!!! I think I've been back here over 6 times since January. Their pork soup dumplings keep calling my name. I've tried getting pork soup dumpling for multiple other places as I can't travel to Joes every time I'd like to have some and no place came even close!!! I recommend!  P.S: Cash only business. Make sure to bring cash if you are not looking forward to paying transaction fees from their ATM
2 Finally departed their old world location on Pell but surviving on their reputation from 30 yrs ago.  Shanghai Deluxe & Green Bo offer more authentic Shanghai cuisine. Tops is Nan Xiang in Flushing which offers casual cuisine as up-to-date as in SHA & HK.
5 The soup dumplings are to die for. They are bigger than usual. Be careful if you try to eat the whole dumpling in one bite, I almost choked on the soup! My friend made a huge mess when he bite into the dumpling and the soup gush every where. The crispy chicken is not crispy at all, it's more the Asian style orange chicken (it's mostly sour than sweet, that's what I meant). Friendly service, but they only accept cash!!! The pork fried dumplings are actually pot stickers, and the wrap is thick, but I'm not complaining. I'm definitely eat here again.
4 In Manhattan their Xiao Long bao cannot be beat! Always a favorite when I don't want to trek all the way to flushing for some great quality XLB.   Whilst I will always come here for XLB, To be honest although I have tried other dishes there nothing was really that memorable (nothing bad, just nothing out of the ordinary). Hence, Ihave deducted 1 star.   I would say that if you are not going to get XLB you can give this place a miss, but if you are a XLB lover and want to stay in Manhattan this is the place to be.
5 I did one order of the pork soup dumpling at Joe's Shanghai -- the soup was a great temperature, minimal tongue scalding and very flavorful. The black vinegar had a vaguely medicinal taste, but otherwise was good. Dumplings has strong structural integrity and we're sticky when I chewed them. Only negative with the dumplings was that they didn't have the ginger seals that some others do. Would happily take friends/family there are on future occasions.
5 Joe's Shanghai has always been my family and I's favorite Shanghainese restaurant. My husband and I came here on our very first lunch date 18 years ago at their old location on Pell Street and decided to check out their new location for lunch again (we used to go to their Flushing loc too but unfortunately, they closed). We got all the signature dishes ranging from crab/ pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, Shanghai fried rice and fried rice cake with beef. This place has the best soup dumplings with perfectly thin skin, flavorful broth and just enough meat filling.   All the other dishes were also cooked to perfection and food came out as quick as humanly possible. The customer service was near perfection with both water glasses and hot tea always remaining full without us having to ask. Parking can be a nightmare and there can be a slight wait due to covid occupancy limits. We went around 1 and waited only about 5 minutes or less. Besides that, this should be every person's go-to Shanghai restaurant when that craving arises. FYI: cash only and there's a 15% service charge, which is automatically added to the total bill.
5 Shrimp rice cakes may be my new favorite food. Got this place delivered to upper east side on Friday and the soup dumplings and shrimp rices cakes were to die for!
5 If you come here for one thing and one thing only you need to order the soup dumplings. The dough of the dumplings were perfect. Strong enough to hold all the soup in, yet very tender and chewy. The broth was very flavorful. We got lucky because we were able to get seated before the dinner rush, by the time we left there were tons of people waiting.
5 BOMB   The soup dumplings are to die for. I totally understand the hype!! The dumplings are also pretty large so it was very filling. We also ordered the jellyfish which was good but could be a bit more flavorful. The Shanghai thick fried noodles were so good!! Rather oily but flavorful not too salty and authentic   Had to wait 30 min on a Sunday afternoon but so good
5 Best spot for dumplings and so much more! I always make sure to order from this place (in the pandemic) if I'm at all nearby. Pre-COVID, the long wait was worth it.
1 I was disappointed to order here and only accept cash .   I don't know where is it that they just impose rules on the public .
5 Joe's Shanghai is just simply wonderful. The price was super reasonable - I couldn't believe it! Joe's Shanghai had incredible food, I really liked their Sesame Chicken. The greatest part of the experience was the service. We will most certainly be back!
3 Drove all the way to the city to try the highly rated dumplings from upstate. They were okay. Not bad, just okay. The Shanghai noodles were bland but mixed with Lions Head was pretty good. The turnip short cakes were awesome and the only reason I rated this place a 3 star.
5 I love Joe's! I've been coming here for years and I absolutely love it here!  I've loved everything I've eaten here.  My favorites are the: sesame chicken and the pork soup dumplings! They're both delicious and flavorful!  I can't wait to come back here! I'll definitely be back again soon!
1 This new location of joes Shanghai is not good to be honestly. I have give it two chances and the the is not as same as the joes Shanghai for the old location. I believe the chef are new or the receipt are different. The food does not compare to the pervious location what so ever. I am so disappointed and annoyed. It's not flavorful. These ma fu tofu needs to be flavorful and spicy. It's sweet and not season.
5 Came here because of all the reviews and the food pics on Yelp and wow I'm so glad I did. It was raining so the food we ordered hit the spot! Especially the XLB's they were so flavorful and had a lot of soup in it. We also ordered dishes to share family style that were perfect and filling for the 4 of us. A lot of celebrities have been here too and you can see that with all the celebrity photos on the wall lol. Best xlb I have had hands down.
5 My boyfriend and I were in Chinatown exploring and saw this on Google with great reviews. We got sat pretty quickly, and the first thing I ordered was then pork soup dumplings. These are to DIE for, so delicious. We also ordered the Flat noodles with chicken and chicken fried rice. The noodles were also soooo good and the fried rice was nothing special but nonetheless tasty. 10/10 recommend if you're exploring around Chinatown for the first time.
4 I tried Joe's Shanghai for the first time during Chinese New Year's in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic. New York City had just opened indoor dining.  The experience actually surpassed my expectations. I was skeptical at first about a place with such a reputation and that catered to what seemed to be a primarily non-Asian clientele, in addition to the hour-and-a-half long wait. But lo and behold, the food was actually very good. We ordered the soup dumplings (obviously), scallion pancake, sautéed string beans, shredded pork w. dried bean curd and Chinese celery, and the Shanghai sautéed flat noodle.   However, the service wasn't quite 5-star worthy and I cannot in good conscience give 5 stars to a Chinese restaurant that doesn't give you rice with your entrees.
5 Lately I've tried soup dumplings from five different places in Chinatown and the ones from Joe's Shanghai are definitely the best. I recommend crab and pork dumplings, very flavorful, juicy and reasonably priced. Delivery was quick and all the dumplings were intact.
5 Get these dumplings! You will not regret it! Probably one of the best soup dumplings I've ever had. We got pork and they were so delicious!
5 My favorite place for soup dumplings. They are so good! Also recently renovated and the indoor dining is very nice. Quick service and friendly staff. Take out always on point. Their hot and sour soup is so good.
5 Alas.. nothing stays the same. The new fancy location has fancy prices. I'd say double what it used to be. The soup dumplings had less soup in them.  What a shame! I miss the old Joe's..:(. This nothing special now (sniff).
5 I have so many wonderful memories at Joe's. Sunday afternoons, New Years, birthdays, late nights.... It's not the most incredible food, but it is top notch and the vibe is fun and memorable. Go for the soup dumplings obviously, but also try the crispy beef and, well, everything on the menu is delicious. Arrive with a party of two or twenty and have a blast!
5 This is a pre-covid review. I always like to mention this because the menu could have changed.   I ate here with a few friends when we were in town. It was on top of our list because of the raving reviews about this place. The reviews did not disappoint. They have those stars for a reason. My review would just be full of "delicious" and "tasty" so let's just cut to the chase. Everything I list below was !  Pork Soup Dumplings Pork Dumplings Shanghai Noodle Soup Kung Pao Chicken Crispy Shredded Beef
4 Joe's Shanghai has been my go to staple for XLB in the city!   So it was to my surprise when I showed up at their OG location and saw an abandoned restaurant.  I hadn't realized they moved from their longtime spot on Pell st -- the new location on Bowery is much more modern, bright, and spacious from their old one!  I always end up ordering their pork meat soup dumplings here (A2) because they are probably one of the biggest and most flavorful XLBs I've had in nyc.     There's an art to eating these to prevent the soup from leaking and splattering everywhere -- however I ordered takeout and some of the soup dumplings did rupture in transit and left a tub of oil swimming in the takeout container.    One thing I don't miss are the long waits here.  I was able to get my takeout order in less than 15 min.  As indoor dining is still closed, they did have two outdoor tables adjacent in the alley if you wanted to sit outside.   Overall, it doesn't detract from my numerous visits to Joe's in person pre-pandemic and all the dishes I've tried (scallion pancake, crispy pork chop, braised sliced beef, fried pork dumplings) were fantastic.
3 I ordered takeout and it seems the food quality is inconsistent.  The crab meat in the dumplings was not fresh.  The Peking style minced pork noodle was bland.  The fried rice cakes with pork was a soggy oily mess - like they didn't bother frying it.  They raised the prices (which is understandable) but the quality doesn't justify it.
5 I could eat these soup dumplings every day for the rest of my life and never tire of them. That's all you need to know. Even in a takeout container they're *chefs kiss*
3 Came here during COVID so didn't have to wait in line for hours like it used to be. The soup dumplings are amazing as always, but the regular dishes are just so-so. TBH the dishes are on the pricey side given the quality and quantity.
5 I had an excellent time dining at the new location since covid. The staff were extremely clean and courteous, wait list must wait outdoors. Indoors the tables were appropriately distanced and the food was excellent. We enjoyed pork soup dumplings, turnip radish cake, scallion pancake, hot and sour soup for 2, eggplant with pork in garlic sauce, Tsing Tao beers, sake, hot tea, & pan fried noodles with fresh shrimp.  All were delicious. We noticed a nearby table ordered the crispy whole fish in garlic sauce and we will try next! The eggplant in spicy garlic sauce was to die for. The pan fried noodles were tasty and crispy with fresh shrimp. The hot and sour soup was delicious full of vegetables and flavor. I love their scallion pancake and of course, the pork soup dumplings! The portions are huge so expect to share! Tip is included in the bill and oranges for dessert are brought complimentary. There is a reason I have been coming here for 10 years and we still love it!
5 My goodness. I only had the chicken fried rice but it was simply amazing. I will be remembering this place for when I am in the area again.
2 Honestly, I was pretty disappointed with the food. I came with high expectations after seeing this place being recommended by many articles. Maybe as a Toronto native, I've been spoiled with amazing Chinese food for decent prices, but this place is definitely mediocre at best. Especially given the 45-minute wait. I would not recommend coming here.
5 Down, maybe a little out but NYC remains a helluva restaurant town. Joe's Shanghai is amazing... go for the Hong Kong style Hot and Sour soup and stay for the Crispy Beef. Two personal favorites but you could throw a dart at the menu and still be gobsmacked. An easy five stars.
5 Awesome soup dumplings. Passed by the new location, looks even fancier now!
4 This place doesn't compare to the other Shanghai-nese restaurants in Chinatown.  Whenever I'm craving crab meat and pork soup dumplings, I go here.  They give a good amount of dumplings (8), and the soup is thick and flavorful.  Their scallion pancakes have the right amount of crispiness and they provide a decent amount of dipping sauce.  Sometimes, I order their lo mein and rice cakes, but I always request them to be cooked with less sauce as they tend to be too saucy for my taste.
4 couldn't help but take my French friend to his first soup dumplings experience at none other than joe's shanghai! i remember when I first came here in 2016, this place blew me away (and dintaifung out of first place for soup dumplings for me).  - crab and pork soup dumplings ($10). these were the dumplings that stole my heart the first time i came!! the crab makes the filling just punch you in da face with flava... so bold, soooo crabby, and so soupy!! love love!   - regular soup dumplings ($8). these were a lot less flavorful than the crab ones! if I didn't get these with the crab ones, they'd be decent, but in comparison, they were just ok!   - boiled pork dumplings ($10). these dumplings thankfully came out before the soup dumplings ... i say that because they are pretty bland with a really soggy wrapper. they tasted ok by themselves, but once the soup dumplings came out, didn't really get any more attention from us... def just stick with the soul dumplings!!
2 I lived in Shanghai for 3 months during my year-long stay in China and I ordered Uber eats from Joe's today. I did not eat my food more than 30% of the way through due to the lack of cooking time and flavor. This is the third 2 star rating I've ever given in 3 years. Please note I am someone who does a low sodium to no sodium diet on a regular basis.   Food 2/5 I ordered Rice Cake w/Pork and Xiao Lung Bao (Pork Soup Dumplings as Joe calls it).  1) Xiao Lung Bao-- too much dough, not enough meat, and not enough flavor. The meat stuffing was not marinated ahead of time. Proportionally more dough, which is thicker than usual as well, really hurts when the meat is already not flavorful enough. 2) Rice Cake -- not fried long enough and lack of flavor. There's something Chinese people call "wok air", meaning you know how well the chef's can fry by simply tasting the dish. This dish had 0 wok air because it was undercooked. Can you imagine rice cakes not chewy? I tried throwing the rice cakes into my wok and cooking with them with a little bit of soy sauce and it was still a certified death--just NO.  Price 2/5 My order $25 for 2 entrees before delivery fees and taxes. That's a lot of money for food that doesn't even meet the minimum standard. I moved from Silicon Valley so high prices are something I am used to, but this was a waste of money.  I usually have 3 more categories in my reviews, but will omit them this time as I was not dining in.
1 Food was "picked up" and "delivered" within 1 minute. Unless my driver is Nightcrawler from X-men, there's just no way this is possible. Restaurant blamed everything on Doordash and refused to send their own delivery man. What a joke. As long as you still have problematic door dash as one of your delivery options, expect to get horrible reviews.
5 I loved their soup dumplings and they're crab dumplings. It was very crowded and the service was good. I ate a hot pot with spareribs and it was good.
4 Takeout XLB great Highlight  homemade flavorful wonton now this is if you like the wontons with the thicker skin and somehow this kind of wonton is more of a rarity in chinatown but I thought it was really good because the skin while thicker than your typical cantonese wonton was not so thick like the wontons you get at chinese buffets.  I felt it was more homemade. Highlight the Egg roll / spring roll .  Try this.  unique  It was flatter than your typical roll and I found full pieces of shrimp in there .  Very crispy thin light skin.  other dishes ordered included scallion pancake which hmm would not order it takeout as it becomes dry and cold - sweet dessert glutinous balls were ok
1 Food is not clean bruh quality is bad after I eat i went home and have diarrhea for 2 days
5 Their crab soup dumplings are the best. Me and my friends get them at least 3 times per week. Absolutely delicious.
5 Ordered delivery on UberEats and was unsure how it would be after the lengthy delivery. It was great! The food arrived and was still very hot & everything tasted as if it was in the restaurant. The hot&sour soup was delicious and very hot (it didn't even need to be heated up in the microwave). We ordered two orders of the soup thinking we would each have one... I don't recommend doing that unless you want a ton of leftovers. One order of the hot & sour soup can easily provide 2.5 servings. The spring rolls were also good and were still crispy (somehow they didn't get soggy with the delivery). We also ordered shrimp fried rice that was a pretty large portion and very good. The shrimp fried rice was not dry at all and hit the spot. The sesame chicken was still crispy and perfect... Joe's thought of a great method to deliver the sesame chicken (they cut out a hole in the plastic lid so the condensation didn't cause the chicken to get soggy) and it worked so well. The entire meal tasted just as good as in the restaurant. Overall, this meal was AMAZING! We are already talking about our next order. Would love to help provide business to this great place especially during covid. We look forward to next time!
5 Joe's has moved to their Bowery location and this new location is anything but dirty and smelly! It looks amazing inside and there's plenty of space!
4 Pretty decent soup dumplings. They did their best to space people out. Prepare cash for payment. Or you need to cash from ATM with service fee.
4 Joes serves solid Shanghai food at an affordable price. Their soup dumplings are decent and consistent for NYC. I also like their stir fried shanghai noodles, rice cakes, scallion pancakes, among others. Come here if you want a good, reliable meal   It's your standard Chinese restaurant where you might share tables, etc. (pre covid) so don't come here for the service! Have in mind what you'd like to get your food quickly. The servers will appreciate it!
4 Joe's always hits the spot when I'm craving soup dumplings! The dumplings are are super big and I usually split one order with a friend. I do feel that the skin is a little too thick for my taste but overall, it's not bad for the price.
5 I came for the soup dumplings, and they were excellent. 10/10 would order again Fresh, flavorful and you get quite the serving! I struggled learning to eat them, but will not give up, I will continue to go back for the soup dumplings.
4 In this day of COVID, they do a pretty nice job at their new location.  The tables are definitely spaced apart and the servers aren't pushing you out which is a nice change.   The bathroom is down a steep set of stairs so that's something to consider if this is a challenge for you or a friend.  The soap in the bathroom is about 1 part soap to 30 parts water so be sure you have hand sanitizer with you (there's was empty).  We had a nice experience and I'm glad we went.
5 This place has amazing xiaolong bao(soup dumplings) for the price along with delicious sautéed green beans that weren't overly salty, and a green onion pancake that is actually layered and flaky. I haven't found a good green onion pancake anywhere but LA so I'm happy to finally find one that isn't one dense piece. The service is efficient and they timed our dishes well while constantly refilling our drinks. Their fried calamari could use a little more seasoning in my opinion but other than that it was fried well. The spicy beef noodle soup had a delicious flavor, the broth wasn't overly salty and it had a nice kick of spice and flavor from the cilantro. I highly recommend this place but remember it's CASH ONLY
4 Newly renovated location = less claustrophobic, more luxe! (but we're talking about a high traffic Chinatown gem here, so folks, adjust your expectations accordingly).  Get pork soup dumplings during off-peak hours, like 3pm on a Tuesday.  Scallion pancakes don't disappoint either- they're crispy and crunchy (a rarity)!  Don't forget to bring cash!
5 The best soup dumplings ever. I will be a loyal customer for life. Also love the entrees. General Tso chicken, crispy shredded beef, spicy Szechuan beef, all good. Also love the scallion pancake and the cold sesame noodles. Go there, it's the best. Nice new location with more seating (inside and out ), but I do miss the charm of the Pell Street Joe's.
2 Not the best option in the area. Decided to get take out from here this evening. For $20 I got the beef and broccoli. Words can not do the portion size justice. I got a 1/4 of a large container and like 3 spoonfuls of rice in the same container. So less than half of the container had food. I had really high expectations for this place. For $20 the food tasted average and the portion size made it completely a three time experience...... The first, the last and the never again. Hopefully someone will chose better than I did. McDonald's came in clutch tonight.
4 First time visiting Joe's Shanghai.  Their crab and pork soup dumpling was pretty big compared to other places.  You can definitely taste the crab.
5 Yes, it lives up to all the hype. It's a must when in NY or more specifically Chinatown. Everything here is amazing so you can't go wrong with anything on the menu.
5 My gosh, this place has the BEST dumplings I've ever had. Trying their pork soup dumplings is a MUST! It's a little tricky to get the hang of eating it but the flavor is delicious! I'll probably come her every time I'm in New York without a doubt! Their new location is pretty nice and spacious, and we only had to wait about 15min on a Saturday evening!   This place is also cash only!
3 Decided to stop here mainly for their "infamous soup dumplings" and their house glazed crispy chicken. The soup dumplings were really BIG, flavorful and freshly made. On the other hand, their house crispy chicken was fair. Nothing spectacular at all. One thing we immediately noticed when the dish came out, was the pool of oil (canola) at the bottom of the dish. The sauce tasted very commercial and full of MSG! For the price of the meal ($40) we didn't think it was worth it and kept talking about how many delicious dishes we could have gotten had a e gone somewhere else. If you are looking to get great soup dumplings, and that's it I would recommend coming here, otherwise there are so many great mom and pop restaurants in the area where the food is BOMB.
4 Their soup dumplings aren't bad. Not my go to for soup dumplings but I really like their Pan fried noodles here.
3 I came here because a friend really loved their soup dumplings.  And while I used to come here quite a bit, I've unfortunately found their quality to have gone down, especially in regards to their soup dumplings.   PROS: - good quantity, decent to share but I would definitely get other dishes if you are hungry - came out hot, so hot the soup could still burn my tongue haha. - flavor was still pretty good. CONS: - fairly thick dough: this to me will cause more of the soup to soak into the dough.  I came for SOUP dumplings.   - slightly dry, closer to regular dumplings.   It is much more tourist-oriented than for the locals.  I'm sure the locals go there too.  But the 7000+ reviews definitely have assisted in this. I know I use ratings a lot when I travel.  The one other thing is that I felt rushed and not at ease by the staff, like I was always watched.  Perhaps it was the space as this was right before COVID, but it just doesn't give a good feeling for eating.    My friend loved it.  But she likes a thick-skin on her dumplings (including her soup dumplings).  I guess this is personal preference.  If you are more of a dough-fan, then these dumplings are for you!
4 Great dumplings, a classic in NYC. Usually feel a little full/sick after a big order but it's worth it....
1 Gross food and dirty. Quintessential Chinatown: dirty & low quality food. Want some real proper Chinese food dedicated to those with actual tastebuds and standards? Don't come here... unless you are an uncultured foodie with low standards that enjoys oily fatty low quality Xiao long Bao.
4 I went here with my cousin just for the fat XLBs and it was worth it. Service was fast and within a few minutes of ordering, hot, steaming, fat and juicy XLBs came out which we enjoyed. We ordered some noodles and other food, but I felt other places in the area made them better. This made sense when the group next to us only ordered 8 orders of XLBs and nothing else. So I would come back just for the fat XLBs  .  If you're looking for fat XLBs this is the spot.
5 They changed their location a couple months ago and the new location is nice and spacious compared to the previous location. The tables are well spaced out and the host checks your temperature at the entrance. The best item from here is the pork soup dumplings- it took me a couple times before being able to master eating them- you have to poke a little hole and basically drain the soup out of the dumpling so it doesn't splatter everywhere and you don't make a mess before eating the dumpling. The pork fan fried dumplings are also good, but the dumpling itself wasn't as crispy as I would have liked. The place is cash only so plan accordingly!!
5 I've been going here for years and just had dinner again the other night. Truly some of the best and most affordable chinese food in the city.
4 XLB True shanghainese cuisine. The Chinese food is also very delicious although some dishes are more superior than others. My favorites all happen to be pork and fish based ;)
5 The soup dumplings here are 10/10. We also got the pan fried noodles. I could just eat the soup dumplings forever, they are big and have a lot of soup in them.  My sister and I ate here multiple and times and doordashed multiple times during our one month stay in NYC.  They're also open for in person dining late night.
4 Love the crab and pork soup dumplings! There are places with better value soup dumplings, but I still like to frequent this place.
5 Bigger, newer, cleaner, and certainly more modern and comfortable... Joe's is back in a huge way on the Bowery!
3 Listen, I love Joe's Shanghai, their thick noodles with pork and their soup dumplings are the fucking bomb. But I don't like the fact that their sesame chicken is 19$. It doesn't taste any different than your average NYC Chinese restaurant sesame chicken platters.
4 Oh how I missed you New York Chinatown Chinese! Okay, I do not really remember eating any Chinese food in New York, I honestly do not know why I just wrote that. Oh well.  I heard very, very good things about this restaurant. Like a must if you want Chinese in New York. After eating two items, and $23 later, I can sort of see why.  This restaurant is known for its dumplings, the pork and crab soup ones more specifically. There is a learning curve to eating these things, or else you will end up wearing them, like I did. Once you figure it out, you will find they are pretty tasty! Remember, soup goes last. Eat the dumpling first, unless you want to burn your throat. For $10, you get 10 of these, a fair trade if you go with someone.  I also got the Lo Mein with roast pork, no vegetables. It tasted fresh, both the meat and the pan fried noodles. It also comes in the perfect vessel for takeout, holding all of the flavor and retaining its texture. The container and portion are HUGE! Eat it slow as you may experience stomach expansion while slurping these noodles down.  Next time I would like to try another noodle dish and something with vegetables. If the basic stuff is good, I can only imagine how their more complex items taste. A reminder, they do not take credit cards, cash only. They make that very clear from the beginning. No surprises at all.  No surprise either why I was told to come here too.
5 I have to admit, Joe's Shanghai was outstanding. Reasonable rates for the area. Great central location, top-notch service. They certainly have a magnificent menu as well. Great experience and the staff was great!
4 Soup dumplings? Yes sir! #1 late night food in NYC. Great atmosphere for big groups.
5 I am a dumpling lover and man these pork soup dumplings were huge and JUICY! So much flavor in just one bite and delicious. I could eat a whole order myself. I also ordered the shanghai noodles and they were nice and saucy. These two items are my go to's when I eat at a shanghainese restaurant. Would definitely go back!
2 Overrated spot. Dumplings were way too fatty and gross I couldn't even eat them. Noodles had barely any beef in them. The sesame chicken was good but nothing special. I ordered take out and they called me 3 times telling me to hurry up and pick up my order since they were closing. Totally understandable. I rushed to pick it up only to get there and see multiple parties still dining in. Not sure why they were blowing up my phone.... won't be coming back here.
4 Awesome food! We've loved everything we've eaten here. However, be prepared for crowds and long waits.   Hopefully someday they'll expand!  Also, remember to bring cash.
4 A solid four. I came solely for the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and they didn't disappoint.  I ordered the dumplings to go (1 order of 8 pork soup dumplings is less than $10) and snagged a table in the alleyway outside that has tables set up. No line and a few open tables around 1pm on a Friday.  Let's preface this with... takeout soup dumplings are not the ideal solution, but I didn't want to eat inside. You should expect that if you get them to go, some of them will have come open and the soup will be spilled out bc they're not presented delicately in the basket you'd get inside, but rather in Tupperware. And there's 8! They have to fit them in the container somehow. So, a few of mine had the soup come out, but no worries. They're packed well enough that if you pick them up just right, you'll still have some soup inside. Plus, Joes Shanghai xiao long bao actually has a LOT of soup inside, and it's really flavorful. I'm impressed. It's pretty unusual and you don't get that often.   The skin was a little more thick than I expected and a few of them weren't stuck together at the top of the folds anymore, but these are really solid xiao long bao nonetheless. Recommend you giving them a shot, especially if you live in NYC and have put it off because of the typically wildly long lines pre-Covid. Cash only!
5 I didn't understand stand why people love Xiao Long Bao before until I had the best one at Joe's Shanghai. The dumpling and the soup inside was amazingly delicious. All the staff were also very helpful and nice.
5 Really enjoyed this Joe's Shanghai. Fresh ingredients. Delicious seasoning. Very reasonable prices and friendly service. The food is well made and very tasty. The servers are very friendly and attentive. We look forward to exploring more of the menu soon.
5 Three letters...X L B! The xiao long baos (soup dumplings) here are one of the best I've had ever. My friends and I got the pork soup dumplings and the crab meat and port meat soup dumplings and both of them were equally amazing! It was the prefect soup to meat to dumpling ratio. The soup in the dumpling was very rich and flavorful. We also ordered the spicy salt and pepper prawns and it was delicious, the prawns were juicy and not dry at all and the shell was coated with so much flavor. This dish can get too salty depending on where you order it from but not here! It was just the right amount of salt. Another dish we really enjoyed was the chef's recommended spicy schezuan style fish filet...this dish was sooo amazing. I've tried this same dish at other Cantonese/Chinese restaurants but Joe's Shanghai tops all. The shrimp friend rice was super good as well and paired nicely with the main dishes and was flavorful while not being overpowering. My friends all really loved the spicy chili oil that was given for the soup dumplings! It was so good that they were about to ask for a side of it to take home. I'll definitely be coming back!
4 Their pork and crab soup dumplings were savoury and delicious. The skin was a bit too thick for my liking, but the filling was flavoured nicely! Would recommend checking it out if you're in the Chinatown area
4 Juicy dumpling, so good. But the skin needs work. It's good not amazing. Then again is not like we're in Asia so I'll def be back. The radish pastry was good, I enjoyed it once they are a rare find in restaurants these day.
3 First time at this new location. Food and service was good but we wished that they would tell us in advanced that there's a 15% service charge that's included in our bill. We didn't realize it until we got home and we gave tips on top of the total too. They should've had some kind of honor system.
5 We were able to sit outside due to COVID and I'm so glad we did. The weather was great. Besides that, the food was absolutely delicious. We had soup dumplings, hot and sour soup, and Kung Pao chicken. Food was flavorful and made quickly. Service was awesome. Will definitely recommend!
5 Best Chinese in NY I go here every time I come to NYC. Make sure you get the dumplings when you come. Also the line is long so be patience did I spell that right? Very reasonably priced and service is fast once you finally sit down. They also sit you with other people which was fine with me. They get your order in if you are ready and bring your food out when it is done.
5 Best soup dumplings I've ever had! We got the pork dumplings and the flavor was amazing! The scallion pancakes are also really good! Very light and pretty cheap too!
3 Their xiaolongbao is good and their American Chinese food is decent.   I wouldn't go for any authentic or Szechuan food. The more "authentic" food turns out to be super home style, and the Szechuan food becomes Americanized.   For the brand, I feel like they could do better with the more authentic dishes, or just remove them from the menu if they don't think it fits. Also could be useful to have an American and Chinese menu separation.
4 Staff wasn't very friendly but food was amazing per usual. We got soup dumplings and Chinese greens. Really flavorful and didn't wait too long for the food.
4 My first dine in experience after COVID.  Joe's shanghai is my favorite weekend location since college:))   beef in spicy chill sauce: i think they changed formula. it has strong vinegar flavor now. a bit disappointed but still okay.   Soup dumpling: AMAZING
1 Dine in this restaurant after COVID-19 reopen. The place seems ok and clean, my friend and I order a fish, and after 20 mins the waiter told us we didn't actually ordered that because he thought we're just asking for recommendations when we're ordering. Then it took them another 30 mins to cook that. And after we tried that fish, I have to say I am furious. The fish tastes like mud and must have been frozen for a long time. I understand the difficulties that restaurants were facing during COVID but they shouldn't do this. Very disappointed. By the way, the waiter just took 10 dollars off our bill while we barely eat the 20 dollar fish.
5 Best. Dumplings. In. NY.... Hands down. The Soup dumplings are incredible. Place is a NYC treasure.
5 Food was on time and amazing!! Staying at 50 Bowery and it was very convenient. Ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings, shredded beef and jalapeño soup and the house special glazed crispy chicken. Would definitely go back as it was an amazing experience. Soup hit the spot as the weather had gotten colder and a cold started to set in. Spicy nature of the soup knocked it right out!
1 (Disclaimer: this one isn't about the food since we didn't get to sit down, it's about how rude we were treated when trying get a table) Me, my wife and three kids (10, 7, 4) were out in Chinatown for Doctor appointment. Decided to have lunch before going home.  Pell Street was closed for the many restaurants. Tables are all over the street, and hard to distinguish which section belongs to which restaurant. We stood near the entrance of the restaurant hoping to talk to one of the server. One of the troubling sight I observed was customers has to help the server get the steaming hot little steam buns placed on their table. Then one of the server, said to us, "this is the entrance, don't stand here" we were on the side of the entrance, not in front of it. Then the 2nd one came out, and i asked "Hi, do u have a table of five?" (I spoke to him in Cantonese, which is what I heard him spoke to the other server) he said, "五個人！邊有位比五個人!" (Translation: Five people! Where can I get a table for five people!?"  Granted, it's not easy to run in and out from the restaurant onto the street; but don't take your frustration on your customers  Of cz we moved on to a different place.
3 Outdoor seating widely available right outside the store. Indoor restroom available for use. No indoor seating.  Food was good and decent price for chinatown.  Soup dumplings were slightly salty, but nice and soupy! Chicken had bones in it, just FYI. Chicken did not taste special, just fried chicken with some scallions sprinkled on top. Scallion pancakes were pretty soggy in the to-go container, but basic flavor.  Would go again to try different items on the menu.  Also, cash only!
5 Amazing. Amazing food at amazing prices! They were quick and efficient also. It says takeout or delivery only, but you can do take out and eat at one of several tables they have set up outside.
3 Got chicken fried rice to-go. Not bad, needs soy sauce but wasn't given any. Beware, this business is cash only and they didn't tell us that when we placed the order. Ended up having to Venmo the guy working.
5 Joe's Shanghai was hands down the best soup dumpling I've ever had. The dumpling skin is thicker than what I am used to at DTF but there was so much more soup in the dumplings. During Covid at this location they have two tables outside but it looked like most people were ordering to go.
4 I've been dying to try this place for so long and can honestly say I understand the hype. I got 16 pieces of soup dumplings (8 pieces of the pork and 8 pieces of the crab/pork) + scallion pancake for $26, so really no complaints there. Next time, I'll probably only order the pork soup dumplings, but overall everything was delicious! I can see why this place is a must-try, but since I ordered for take out, I imagine the food would probably taste EVEN better when it's hot and fresh.   **Tip: they only take cash!
5 This is THE place to go for xiao long bao (aka soup dumplings). The dumplings are pure palate perfection - the skin lightly translucent, the broth full of warm aroma and the savoriest flavor, with the perfect little meat dumpling on the inside.  Other dishes I always get because they're too good to resist: seasonal chinese vegetables (if you get watercress or chinese spinach you're in for a real treat), the scallion pancakes, beef lo mein, and the jellyfish. Cannot say enough wonderful things about how ridiculously good and authentic the food is here. (To put that in perspective, my father was born and raised in Guan Zhou and this is one of his favorite restaurants in Chinatown).
5 The pork soup dumplings here are AMAZING! Recommend the pork, and not the crab ones. The scallion pancakes are also delicious! I've been here many times pre-COVID. But you can now get an order to go, and sit outside in the alley between buildings, or take them to go and sit in a park. There are tables in the alley and other restaurants are seating people there. It's an alley way after all, but it's convenient and we chose to sit there so we can eat the dumplings hot.  Service was really fast and the food was delicious! Also, your order comes with the proper spoon.
2 Not as good as the hype. There are much better places for soup dumplings, especially in the last 5 years. Only tourists and nostalgia buffs should eat here.
2 It's really not delicious, me and my friend are very disappointed. The wine chicken and the crab meat dumplings no any flavor, this is my first time to leave bad review on public. No good service you have to pick up the food and bring it to your table. Even during the Covid-19, other restaurants offer patio dining service but this one they want you to bring it food.
5 When you're staying next to a restaurant with almost 7000 reviews, you know it must be special. Truly... that's maybe the most reviews I've EVER seen for a place. We ordered delivery during COVID to be brought to our hotel next door and was so glad we did. It was ready early, the order was correct, and it was piping hot when it got here.   I went with the soup pork dumplings and the shrimp lo mein. Id always thought that I didn't like lo mein, but I think I'd just never had a version that was as good as it was here. The noodles were soft, the mini shrimps tasted fresh and the oil wasn't overpowering. The dumplings were amazing too and the soup inside was delicious- slightly salty and warm. The pork was great and I can definitely see why they're one of the restaurant's best sellers.
4 This place is probably the most overrated place in Chinatown. Joe's Shanghai is one of the most well-known restaurants in Chinatown and all of the food I've had were great. Only downside is that this place is super expensive! Would recommend
4 Ordered in-person take-out from Joe's and got the Shanghai Noodle Soup with Flat Noodles. This wasn't as good as the soup dumplings or stir fried noodles, but they were still decent (could have been more flavorful and less greasy).   When I went, Joe's didn't have any sit-down dining options, though there were two tables outside the restaurant people could sit at. It's also cash only.
4 Yes, this place is a tourist haven, but as a New Yorker I still love it. The soup dumplings are the best and their other dishes are really impressive. Highly recommend.
1 Omg the worst Chinese we have had since the Pandemic!! Seriously inedible!  The only thing I ate was the lomein! The beef with scallions has 0 flavor and tasted like dishwater. The dumplings were so doughy we couldn't find the filling. The crispy chicken was dry and flavorless!! We threw it all out and had peanut butter and jelly sandwiches along with the boring but edible lomein
5 For $11 for 8 pieces of crab and pork dumplings, you cant go wrong. We reheated them and the juice was still there. The key is to reheat using the same method on how it is made. I do wish the crab is more flavorful, but the skin texture was amazing. Defintely my to go place for dumplings take out.   Cash only place.
5 Crab pork soup dumplings: wow. The best Shanghai dumplings aka XLB I have ever had! The soup inside had a great flavor and a nice, thickened consistency and the dumpling skin was nice and chewy. The entire thing was a delicious bite, and a very generous bite at that! 8 pieces of this one was approximately $11, which I felt was a deal.   There is a little alley way to the right of the front door to the restaurant where there is some seating to enjoy the food.   Highly recommended!
5 The best soup dumpling you could have. friendly service and reasonable priced food.
5 Yeeeeeeees had these soup dumplings a year ago and I still salivate when I think about them. The dumplings so juicy that I accidentally sprayed my friends across the table when I bit down on one. Definitely will come back next time I'm back in New York!
5 I'm a fan. Been here a couple of times and I do think the soup dumplings are excellent. The other food is good too.
2 Since I live across the street, I ordered from Joe's Shanghai. It was odd that my order was ready for pickup (in 5 mins!), even though no one else was waiting for food. It was annoying that the total was $19.50 cash. The restaurant is still adding the mandatory 25% tip (even if you pick up the order personally)! They won't be serving anyone in the dining room at 45 Bowery (new location) until the COVID-19 pandemic is over. There's no temporary al-fresco patio with tables & chairs like other restaurants have constructed.  It was even more disappointing that the "pork meat soup dumplings" ($7.95) were lukewarm, not hot. The wrapper was much thicker (poorer quality) with a much smaller amount of pork mixture. Since there was almost no soup, a spoon was unnecessary for the bland soup which might've been reabsorbed into the wrapper. The dumplings were NOT traditional Shanghai soup dumplings that we Chinese have eaten most of our lives. (2) The "pork fried dumplings" ($7.95), with the tiniest amount of meat, were also prepared poorly & NOT hot. Both dishes were very bland & mediocre! We do not recommend this new Joe's Shanghai location.
4 I've been going to Joe's Shanghai with my family since I was around 8 years old. They are a long-time favorite of mine because of their amazing crab soup buns! They are to DIE for because of their amazing flavor and freshness. Every time, without fail, they'll be piping hot with steam radiant of these pearlescent, beautiful buns. Additionally, it's pretty cheap as well! I also love their sesame oil noodles, which are always a hit amongst my friends and family that I bring here. Just make sure to avoid the busy hours because it can get a little hectic sometimes.
5 Delicious food, very affordable, quick waiting staff. Cash only, doesn't serve hard liquor. Try the scallion pancakes and of course the SOUP DUMPLINGS.
5 I've been going to Joe's for years and I cant say enough good things. The food is great and the experience even better. Every time my family or friends visit from Europe I take them here and they are super satisfied with the soup dumplings. Please, stop complaining about the service. They help as much as they can, this is a fast paced restaurant managed by very driven Chinese people and yes it is always packed but they always do their best when you ask.   Enjoy! Eat tons, everything is good!
5 This is my favorite place to get Chinese in NYC. Everything here is good and I really recommend. it's authentic and the taste is phenomenal. I always crave it when I'm in the city. I think it' better than Din Tai Fung because this place has more options.
5 Definitely the favorite go-to for soup dumplings in the city! I go back here once every two weeks- great new location and plenty of helpful staff to quickly guide you to the right selections! I would give this one 6 stars!
4 Heartbroken that the one in midtown closed. But fortunately, there's still one more. Best soup dumplings in the city! The pork and crab soup dumplings are perfect! Not sure if the one downtown has a liquor license. I would BYOB.
5 I like soup dumplings and the food is good.  I've been man times and it's consistent.
5 The best soup dumplings ever! I always make sure to stop here when I'm in New York City because they definitely do not disappoint. So juicy and soupy and delicious, I crave them all the time. I usually find that one order of XLB per adult usually satisfies everyone, but if you want to order other things, then you can adjust that ratio. Rice cakes, scallion pancakes and orange chicken (little cringe) are also really good here.  At some tables, it is community seating, but in my opinion, that's how you get the authentic experience! It's also cash only!
5 Great food, love the new location. I live in the neighborhood and this is a great place to take friends and family who are visiting. The new location is super polished and the food is always great! If you're familiar with Chinatown prices, this may seem pricier to you, but it's absolutely worth it!
5 Meant to write this review a while ago but this place is one of the best restaurants to get pork soup dumplings at!!! You must order the pork soup dumplings when you come here but don't worry they are large which is great so you are able to order something else and share dishes between friends and family. This place serves nothing but incredible authentic Shanghainese dishes! To get to the point: The service is efficient and fast. The food is outstanding and affordable. This place is a must when in NYC.
5 Where do I begin? If you've never had a soup dumpling before, go here. If you've had a soup dumpling before, go here. Go here. This is a newer location and the space is massive, clean, and has multiple bathrooms (a step up from the previous location)! The service is quick and the food is delicious. We had the pork soup dumplings and had to order a few more orders because we ate all of them so quickly! I have had the dishes before which are good, but expensive but when I go here I come for the dumplings. You will not be disappointed. (This review is from March so I do not know about COVID precautions.)
5 My best friend took me here so I could try it. She kept bragging about it and now I see why! The food is amazingly delicious! The place is cash only so make sure to have cash on you and be ready to share a table with other parties. The place is small and gets really busy so they have no option but to sit you with others, it's the style there. I didn't mind sitting with others what so ever because the tables are big, so everyone has plenty of space. The food is the best Chinese I've ever had! Must visit!
1 Last time I went to Joe's Shanghai (granted, quite a few years ago) They added a tip to our bill without notifying us, and then the manager got angry when we noticed and wanted it refunded as we had left one at the table. There are other better, more honest, and and less touristy places to get Shanghai dumplings in the city.
5 one of the few things i miss most about NYC. I dream of these dumplings more than one person should.
5 Delicious soup dumplings and very good mapo tofu. Mapo tofu is my go-to dish, so I've tried it at several Chinese restaurants in the city, but this is the only place that actually makes it well.
3 Tried this place because all of the good reviews. It was just...ok. The soup dumplings arrived hot, so I just don't understand how they didn't impress me! We got soup dumplings, fried pork dumplings, scallion pancakes, and general Tso's chicken. China town in Honolulu has wayyy better soup dumplings!
2 Everything is so salty and they don't even taste good.  There are so many other place that are way better everywhere else.
3 Great food, but it's a really unpleasant experience... Way too many people, way too much noise.
5 I've had many soup dumplings in my life, but nothing can compete with Joe's Shanghai. Their pork soup dumplings are my soul food. They are quite messy though so try not to go on first dates here lol. I think one person can eat 1.5-2 orders of dumplings.   Also, I've had a few other noodle, rice, and vegetable dishes, but they're just so-so. Their breadwinner is definitely the soup dumplings.
4 Soup dumplings are excellent here - also made fresh and piping hot. They live up to their reputation for sure. Ordered kung pao chicken one time and recommend sticking to dumplings.
5 The dumplings at Joe's are so great. All of the food is and you will love it. Joe's is in Chinatown, a must stop for any visitor while in New York City. The place can and will get packed as soon as it is up to full capacity again.  We were there in February, so I am not sure they are fully reopened, but don't worry, if not you can get take a way. Grubhub delivers and so do others.  The Pork meat soup dumplings are amazing and one bowl can fill you, so share, that you can try other items. Their rice is so good.  The place is not beautiful. It is just a big, and very functional room. It is worth the trip to Chinatown.
5 Joe's Shanghai is excellent - highly recommend their soup dumplings, which are delivered with care. Also had their General Tso's and Mu-shu pork, which were solid.  But this review is about more than that. Most know that the delivery apps have an awkward relationship with restaurants.  We have heard some issues with one app that rhymes with Shmaviar and have seen inconsistencies with the status of the order in the app and the status of restaurants being open.  Recently, we placed an order on that app and the order was "being prepared" for well over an hour, past when it was supposed to be delivered.   We called Joe's and they were so friendly and helpful. Despite making it hard to do so - using order numbers instead of names and phone numbers - the Joe's team quickly let us know that our order had in fact been sitting idle the whole time.  This set off a serious of calls from both us and Joe's to the app to figure out what went wrong. The app told us Joe's was closed (lie) and then cancelled the order. They gave Joe's a series of excuses, which Joe's relayed. The app couldn't find our order any more since it was cancelled and said they were sending a new delivery person - then cancelled that.  After 2.5 hours of this - and the Joe's team was friendly and helpful throughout - we got to the point where the restaurant actually did close.   The app completely hung them out to dry, but they said they didn't want the food to go to waste. Joe's asked where we were and if we could come by - it was about a mile, so a short drive but not a quick walk.  The Joe's team said we were on the way, so drove over to our building and dropped off our order - and another order the app left idle, which we gave to our building staff.  Great food, but beyond that, the best service I've ever seen.
5 Came here with my team, and although it's not very enticing to serve a group of teenagers who don't look very rich or like very good tippers, they did just that! Service was fast and polite, and all our dishes came within reasonable times.   The XLB is bomb as always, with the soup piping hot and delicious. The Peking Duck leaves a little to be desired, but for a restaurant serving Peking Duck in Manhattan at such a price, I wasn't expecting the same taste as I would expect in Beijing.   We stayed past their closing time, but they didn't rush us and didn't even give us dirty looks! In fact, they were very patient and nice, and we made sure to express our appreciation in our tip. 10/10 would recommend!
3 The soupy dumplings are very nice and worth a trip to try, but the service and overall atmosphere leave much to be desired. The waiters are downright rude and chase customers for larger tips. Treatment of tourists is shameful.
4 When I saw that Joe's Shanghai moved to Bowery Street, I knew I had to try this place out. I went there with my family and we really enjoyed the food there. We had gone there to try their soup dumplings and we didn't regret it. Although the food was on the pricey side, the environment was very clean and well put together. When I walked inside, the place was very spacious, it didn't seem cramped at all compared to their old location in Chinatown. The service was great, even though we had to wait a while for seats.  Other than the waiting time, everything else was a great experience. I would for sure recommend more people to come here and try their dishes!
5 Love this place so much. You may have to wait over an hour for a table but it's worth it. Best soup dumplings in the city! The entrees are all excellent. It's one of my go-to places to take people from out of town.
5 Made the trip to Chinatown to pick-up from Joe's Shanghai (via Seamless/Grubhub) and it was well worth the effort.   We had the Pork Meat Soup Dumplings and a Scallion Pancake for appetizers and both were excellent. We even managed to get the Soup Dumplings home intact (though we accidentally punctured a couple of them In serving them). Though they probably would have been even better if we had been able to eat them in the restaurant, they were still very much a treat.  For our main dish, we had the Peking Duck and it was also very well done. It came with the usual accompaniments (wraps, scallions, cucumbers and hoisin sauce) and was perfect for sharing.   The service was friendly and efficient.  They have a table setup right inside the door and the food was well packaged for travel.  Great choice for pick-up or delivery!
2 I have the distinct impression that during the Covid crisis they are saving food longer than they should, and perhaps preparing in bulk and serving for a few days.   I had to throw out almost everything delivered to me.  It was just on the brink of inedible.
5 Joe's Shanghai is a place that is sure to please almost everyone, whether you prefer authentic Chinese or Chinese/American; Joe's Shanghai has a very extensive menu. I always order their Xiao Long Bao or "soup dumplings," made with pork or pork and crab. They are loaded with meat and broth, and if you order takeout, make sure to eat them right away or the broth inside the dumplings will disappear and get absorbed quickly.  Another staple of this wonderful restaurant is their stir fried rice cakes. I usually get the seafood fried rice cakes, which are loaded with the scalloped rice cakes, scallion, mushroom, shrimp, scallops, onion, and whitefish. Another wonderful dish that they make is the seafood casserole, also made with scallops, shrimp, whitefish, crab, and various veggies such as lettuce, mushroom, lotus root and water chestnuts.   This is a place unlike no other in NYC, and kind of in the middle between authentic Shanghai and Chinese American. Just visit this place if you're in town!
5 Delicious. Love going there with my wife and kids. The kids adore the place and the food.
5 delicious chinese food. love it and highly recommend. love the soup dumplings and green beans
4 Insta@dish_360   The Good: We wanted the best soup dumplings and both Google and Yelp pointed us to Joe's Shanghai. We got the crab and pork meat soup dumplings. Okay, so basically it's a dumpling that has your protein of choice and when you bite down the soup pours out. Absolutely. Frikkin. Delicious.   We also had the scallion pancake which was crisp and addicting. Texturally, they complimented the dumplings and didn't feel too "heavy."   The Bad: Cash only. NBD they had an ATM on site. Also, the wait staff is not pleasant by any means  not a deal breaker for us. I saw other reviews that echoed this sentiment. Honestly, I don't care as much about service as a lot of people do. I'd go back for the dumplings as long as the quality in the kitchen held up. ‍ I'm also not a fan of the shared tables. We just aren't social enough to want to share a table with a bunch of people we don't know but that's personal preference.  Aftermath: This isn't an intimate date night spot. We tried the items they're known for and we left happy. We'd be back but I'm not sure if I'd explore the rest of the menu. It's not a place I would care to sit and spend a lot of time at. I'd eat what I knew was going to be executed well and then leave.   Insta@ dish_360
1 They treat their customers like crap.  The waiters are over-worked, cranky and often unresponsive to even a modest request.l (I had to ask 3 times before I could get a glass of water. ) When my food came, it was plopped down on the communal table three feet away from me.  The mandatory tip on ALL checks is smack in the face.
5 I love the new location. It is very hip! Sometimes there are so many people waiting that it can get intimidating, but I love the xiao long bao here. You will thank me later after you tried it. Service is amazing, food comes to me as soon as possible.  I am very happy with the food here. I ordered two crab meat xiao long baos, and their red sauce along with their filling was amazing.  I also ordered fried vegetable rice cakes which was amazing since I loved how it wasn't too chewy, but chewy enough. I was definitely rec this place especially with its new renovations and decor. Definitely come here!
2 $hady, terrible customer service and I got bed-ridden sick the next day.  They have no consideration for your time.  At firstw e were told it was a 45 minuate wait.  It ended up being a 3 hour wait even though they saw us with an 8-yr old child.  No matter how I beeged them if he could have simply a bowl of rice while we waited, they pretended they didnt hear.  Just the nastiest tbing you could do, but to these people asking for an ounce of humaity is asking too much. Second, they are cash only and sneakily automatically place the tip on the bill, so tnhey end up getting a double tip if you dont take the time to read the bill. The next day I was bed ridden with a fever cold-sweat and shivering with chiils, blood-red eyes.  I did not recover for another 72 hours regardless of how many medications I took. be careful.
5 This is a popular newer restaurant in Chinatown and well worth the wait. The place is packed and for a good reason.  The food is awesome. We had several of their signature dishes, soup dumplings, noodles, crispy beef. Service is a little hurried probably because they have so many tables/patrons. Cash only too. This is the new standard for good restaurants. Only downside is the bathroom downstairs and not well maintained to the same standards as the dinning room.
3 Honestly, pretty average Xiao Long Bao, I'm not sure why its so popular here. We ordered that and the crispy noodles with meat, veggies and gravy sauce over it, and both dishes were pretty mediocre.  The soup dumplings were hot, which was nice, and came with the typical sauce, but overall there was nothing too special about them. They tasted like the kind you could get at any soup dumpling place, there was no need to wait in a giant line just to try it here.
5 Best Chinese food!!!!! If you are looking for fresh, quality, food, and great service this is the place. This is the only restaurant I will eat Chinese food at. I live in DC and there are really no options. (I wish Joe's would open a DC location) I travel to the city just so I can have a meal here. I have been visiting here for years. I love the dumplings, soup, spring rolls, broccoli and chicken, the pancakes, and noodles. The new location is fantastic and the service is great. Joe always has a big warm smile when customers arrive and really cares about his customers. He makes Joe's Shanghai such a special place in such a big city. I am a loyal customer here for life. Its not NYC without Joe's Shanghai. I can't wait for Coronavirus to end so I can visit again soon.
5 While in Chinatown I used Yelp to help locate a good restaurant.  This place is CASH ONLY.  Hot tea is served in a normal drinking glass (which was weird) but everything we ordered was fantastic.  Portions are large enough for sharing if you don't want leftovers.  Two people in my group said it was the best food we ate the whole time we were in NYC.
5 So tasty. Very good soup dumplings.
4 3.75/5 One of my last stops before the quarantine. Good enough to get my Chinese fix before I'm locked in. Chinatown was already pretty quiet by the time I visited so we had no wait despite coming on a Saturday night at 7pm. The restaurant was still pretty packed though. Service isn't super friendly but they got us everything we needed so no complaints there. Very clean and a comfortable dining experience if you don't speak the language (aka it's more tourist friendly than some other spots in Chinatown).  For our meal my friend and I got the following:  1) Pork XLB: TON of soup and very thin skin. Two of my top requirements. Plus they held up very well. My only gripe is that the filling's flavor isn't as good as other spots. It's still delicious but felt like it was missing something to make it a bit lighter (4.5/5)  2) Crispy Whole Fish w/ Garlic Sauce: Really nice flaky fish. Sauce was a bit on the salty side and fairly garlicky but one note. Solid but no urge to order this again (3.5/5)  3) Seafood Fried Rice Cake: Usually a pretty easy dish to make at home so I have slightly higher expectations at a restaurant but nothing special. Seafood wasn't too chewy and there was a good amount of it. Rice cakes were cut a bit thicker than I like. Flavor was also very one note. Not bad but also no desire to order this again (3.25/5)  Overall, I enjoyed my meal here and if you're coming back the XLB is definitely the item to get. But the prices are steeper, there's probably gonna be a wait, and the other items are just alright. So in general I'd probably opt for Shanghai Dumpling instead.
4 I remember when they were on Pell St. and really enjoyed their food. The soup that poured out of the dumplings was rich and flavorful. The savory taste made me keep ordering different types of dumplings. It was a complete meal instead of an appetizer. I will try to visit this new Bowery location when I get a chance. Unfortunately, we are in a state of emergency, and there is no indoor dining. I will just have to wait.
5 Been waiting to come here after hearing about it through word-of-mouth. SO GOOD!!!! You MUST get the pork soup dumplings. Absolutely fantastic. Pretty good prices for NYC too especially considering the amount of food you get. So fantastic. There wasn't a wait for us (went around 8:30 PM), but I've heard there can be. Staff was great, food fantastic, and prices good. Definitely come!!
3 This place is overrated to me. They're famous for their soup dumplings, but honestly, their soup dumplings is only alright to me. Nothing that really blows me out of the water compared to other ones that I've had. The price pretty good though. They're cash only and gratuity is included in the check. The service is really bad though but that's typical for the OG Asian restaurants.
4 The soup dumplings are worth the hype. I came to chinatown for 5 days and ate there 3 times simply to get the pork soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The service is fast but not very friendly, and the entrees are quite average. However, 4 stars just for those amazing dumplings.
3 I'll start off by saying this location looks a lot fancier than the other location. I love the pork dumplings and all of its soupy glory. I would say they are Joe's Shanghai's best dish and the only thing I will ever get from here. It's nice and hot which makes it perfect for a cold day but it still tastes delicious when the weather is warmer, it's worth overheating for in the hot restaurant. I tried the cold noodles and it was way too peanut buttery; it literally tasted like noodles mixed with just peanut butter you get from jars. The service is definitely not attentive and is barely even there (which is probably why all checks automatically have 15% gratuity added). Everything with the exception of the soup dumplings was not my cup of tea.
4 The original soup dumpling spot. They're the best. But the wait is atrocious and I'd only do it if I was with someone who's never tried them. There are other soup dumpling spots...
5 Came here with friends for dinner for our NYC trip!  Thankfully, we came RIGHT before the extreme wait. They told us it would be ~20 minutes, we only waited 5 minutes! Woo hoo :)  The service was super quick, they took our order swiftly, and our food came out quick! I was impressed bc it was so DANG busy that night (the line was out the door). The restaurant was very crowded, but that's what happens there are a lot of customers.  We got the pork soup dumplings. Super. Savory. and. Delicious. The soup was extremely rich and- of course- sizzling hot! We also got other entrees/dishes which were just as good (pork+bean curd? and the pancake appetizer), but the soup dumplings are 10/10 and probably the only dish I can remember and left a mark.  I would come back here for lunch if I ever come back in the area! Definitely recommend coming here with friends/family for a nice hot meal :)
3 soup dumplings are fine, scratches the itch.  *auntieknowsbest
5 Was the first time out in Canal street and got a little hungry after doing all that underground shopping lol. Came on a Monday evening around 9PM and waited max 15mins. for a table for 2. The moment we sat down, they didn't ask us if we wanted anything to drink, they straight asked us if we wanted to order the pork soup dumpling... LOL thats when I knew I had to order those bad boys.  The pork soup dumplings are a MUST when you're here. If you don't order those, you might as well go elsewhere. Ordered the dumplings, chicken fried rice, shanghai beef noodle, scallion pancake and kung pao chicken. The other foods were average tho like 7/10. When I come back I definieylu will be ordering the dumplings and scallion pancakes again.   And you want to know what was even better than the quick service, friendly staff and tasty food? For all the food we ordered above, we only paid $57. And that was including tax and tip!!!! We left with so much food leftover and I'm so excited for leftovers. If you're ever in the area, come to Joe's Shanghai!
5 Excellent XLB. Being from LA we go to DTF enough to compare.  These are bigger, juicier, and less expensive.  The skin is slightly thicker, but needs to be in order to hold the soup inside. These are like if you have an expert grandma making them for you. Scallion pancakes were also outstanding. Crispy outside, soft inside, with nice scallion flavor.
5 I came here with a friend and it was so good and higher than the expectations that I came in with. Although I do not eat pork, my friend does and she loved the soup dumplings and ordered two orders for herself... Wow. I am on the other hand got the scallion pancake and I highly recommend they are fluffy and flavorful. The Shanghai noodles were a hit they're thick and good with chicken.
4 Pros: Really really good xiao long bao, as expected. When you go during non-busy hours, it's amazing since service is pretty quick and you can take your time (and maybe order more XLB!)  Cons: During the really busy times, it can be tough to get seated and service may be a bit lacking, but that's to be expected from one of the busiest restaurants in the area!   I've always had a good experience here so if you have time, it is worth the wait!!
5 This place was found by my special lady. She had a list of places to go to and we had Joe's Shanghai on the list. We went in early and had no wait. We decided to order small as we were on the go getting quick bites.  So we ordered the Dumplings and the Shanghai noodles.  We were totally impressed.   I never had dumplings before so first one the soup went on the plate a bit. After that I was a professional dumpling eater lol.  So good I tell you I can eat those all day long.  Next the noodles which was very good as well. And we love thick noodles as noodles give you long life.  We noticed someone did not finished egg rolls next to us and I was highly disappointed you never leave egg rolls behind.  Anyways loved the place will come again   Chow 4 now
3 Very lfew vegetarian options! However the wait staff was  attentive and our meat-eating friends seemed to think it was okay! Good serving sizes for sharing and a decent amount of seating - we got seated quickly even though there were 8 of us.
5 Good soup dumplings. The new location is spacious and clean. Always here for soup dumplings. Will recommend here if your around the neighborhood.
4 Delicious soup dumplings! My family is Shanghainese so I'm always looking for an authentic place for my taste buds. I'm really happy that I found this place to curb my appetite for soup dumplings, which before moving into the city, I've only been able to eat when I'm in Shanghai.   For sure get the soup dumplings! It comes out in a steaming basket and is super hot so make sure to let it cool a bit.   This place has a huge line - I was here at 9:30 pm on Saturday and waited 15-20 minutes for a table. You might end up getting seated with another party if you have fewer people.
3 This place is on everyone's go to soup dumplings list. I had the pleasure of coming here when visiting friends one time, and did not know anything about how popular this place was. They do not take reservations, so I waited for about 35-40 minutes outside, in the cold. When it was finally our turn to be seated, I was almost ready to call it quits, if it wasn't for the investment of time I had already sunk in. I went with a group of friends, about 10 of us in total. We ordered several orders of the pork soup dumplings, and 2 orders of the crab soup dumplings, along with some lo mein, fried rice, several other dishes. The experience was good, but I the crab soup dumplings were the most memorable. They were memorble because they were not good, compared to the rest of the dishes. I remember taking a bite, and thought to myself if I really had to finish the rest of it. The flavor was off, it did not taste like I was eating crab, but more of like something foul. The regular soup dumplings, were pretty good, but absolutely forgettable. If this is your favorite or only place you know to get soup dumplings then by all means keep going, it's not bad. However, if you want to know if there are other restaurants that serve also serve delicious soup dumplings, the answer is yes! Go do some research, you will definitely find better soup dumplings.   Overall: I later find out that it was not as popular with locals as it was with tourists. Apparently when tourists google soup dumplings, this place pops up from all the good reviews from other tourists, and being a competent restaurant, they were able to maintain a good image and good reviews from out of town-ers, which gives it its high score of 4 stars. However, it's not the same with locals here. There are other restaurants here that serve the same quality soup dumplings, and some maybe even better based on personal preference. The long lines from tourists are usually a turn off for most locals, and they prefer to go to less popular establishment but still serve delicious soup dumplings.
5 This is one of my favorite places in New York to go on a Sunday for dumplings and dim sum. The decor is also literally to die for-- straight out of a movie.
5 So yummy! Especially love the soup dumplings! Great place to visit when traveling & the bathrooms are very clean!
5 The soup dumplings are heaven sent!!! A must have if you are in New York. Get there early to avoid crowds. That's how amazing it is.
3 3.5 stars for Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown!! The food is good but not great!! We enjoyed the the pork dumplings, chicken fried rice and beef lo mein... as mentioned, all of there were good but none of those dishes countered the wait and the just ok service.
5 Went on Chinese New Years. This place was bonkers! There was a line that went around the store on the outside. So many people wanted to come in. And so many were in line just to get on the waiting list despite the chilling and dreary rain drizzling out. It was unlikely my family and I were going to get tables that day so we just ordered to go. Got the soup dumplings of course. On the record, I preferred the pork over the seafood one. Nevertheless, they were both very delightful. I could see what the hype was about. I wish they had more dumpling options (e.g., prawn). Would have been cool if there was a second floor. The cashier and the person who took our order was kind and thoughtful in taking our order and giving us recommendations.
5 My wife and I had dinner at the new Joe's Shanghai on Bowery, just around the corner from the old place. Everything about the new restaurant is wonderful--the service, food quantity, price, and the nicely decorated space.  We ordered veggie dumplings, crispy Hunan beef, and shrimp and scallops in garlic sauce and enjoyed every dish. We would definitely recommend this place if you are in Chinatown.
2 Meh...that's my vote. It's def not 4-5 star worthy and more akin to a tourist trap. Famous soup dumplings had good soup, but meat wasn't the freshest I've ever had. The skin was more doughy than should be and not the lighter consistency it should be. Hot and sour soup came out cold, had to be reheated via microwave. So overall, very average and you might as well go to any other Shanghainese place in Chinatown without the long wait. My only consolation is that we didn't wait for seats cause we came midweek.
4 At for first time at Joe's a week ago. I'm still coming down from a flavor high! The line is as long as the superlatives I could suggest. Go, eat, bliss out.
3 I'll be honest, I should have googled "how to eat soup dumplings" before I entered this establishment.  These are really what they say:  Dumplings with soup in them.  With each bite I had it all over me, as well as on the table.  Unfortunately, the table looked like a crime scene when it was all said and done.  When we were leaving, I watched a local eat them, and went "OHHHHH".  Do yourself a favor and look it up :).  Also, we ordered crab ones, and they were super fishy.  Wasn't a huge fan.  This place is cash only, and didn't have a super great vibe.  To top it off, there was a lady in the corner staring at us.  Very strange.  There are too many great places in Chinatown, I should have gone elsewhere.
3 Came in for a quick bite since I was in the area.  Ended up getting the vegetable dumplings and F2 Seafood Sautéed flat noodles.  The dumplings were not that great IMHO and the noodles were just okay.  Maybe the location in Flushing is better?  The wait time for a table was non existent at around 630pm on a Wednesday, but quickly got busy as I was about to leave.  The free orange slices for dessert were nice.  The service was so-so, but didn't need too much I guess.
5 Still got it!   After missing coming here last time due to the new location, I finally made it on this trip.  Soup dumplings taste as good as ever, juicy. I tried the Guota tofu (a braised tofu dish with spinach this time) and it's great too!  The skin is not the thinnest, but the flavor and gelatinous soup can't be beat. Maybe it's the fond memories I have of coming here with my grandma as a child.   Will be back again soon!
3 Expected a lot from this place as it has tons of good reviews, and the long wait for a table. The food was good but a bit oily and not super flavorful. They don't serve any bottled water and service wasn't great. Good location and well priced.
3 Our favorite Joes Shanghai was midtown and closed. Now they have new location on Bowery and the food is not as good. It was so oily all of it. Soup dumplings were still delicious as usual. The oil left in the bottom of the plate was bad!!!  From the Shanghai noodles to the beef and broccoli.
4 Amazing amazing amazing! Love this spot. The food is stellar, quality is amazing. Service is great. The only downfall of this place is the wait times and the waiting area is small so during the winter if sucks to wait outside. This is a new location so they can seat more people but be aware it's a tourist spot so it can get busy at any time of the day/week.
2 Good food horrible service. The staff wouldnt speak or acknowledge anyone that wasn't of Asian decent. And yes they speak English. Wasn't expecting that from such a popular restaurant that has tourist come in daily.
1 The women at the front are highly inefficient. Our group of four were told there were just the two groups ahead of us (group of 3 and group of four) but they let six other parties in before either us of the two groups ahead of us) including a group of 20 which took up two roundtables. Multiple tables of twos went ahead of us as well when they could have easily saved them and given them to us of the groups of 3-4 ahead of us. This new location is throwing off the staff. This wouldn't have happened at the old location. We left after waiting 40 minutes with nothing to show for it. Will not return.
5 Stopped in for soup, dumplings, and soup dumplings. Everything was great. Love the feel of Chinatown and the vibe of the restaurant.
5 Love their food and service. The environment is great. Peking duck is a must try. skin is crispy and meat is juicy. But must order extra pan cake and sauce.
4 Welp, Joe's went and moved so might as well review the place now since I can compare the old and new spots all at once.   First of all, the new location (right on bowery) is bigger, nicer looking, but still somehow feels like the old place. Mostly because there is a line, and you still get a raffle ticket with a number on it that means nothing*. Here are some things that remain the same:  *Cash only *Tax and tip are included in your bill (but leave a few anyway, as they only give themselves a 15% tip) *That aforementioned line *The quality of the food (we will get to this in a moment)  Some things that have changed: *No liquor license yet, so don't expect a Tsingtao with your dumplings  *Tea does not come automatically when you sit down, but if you ask they will still bring it...in a soda class now (bring back the teapot guys) *The bathrooms are nicer *The place is brighter than the old one  All in all, this place still feels like the Joe's of old, just an updated version of it. The dumplings are still cheap and still good, as is the fried rice. The portions of rice are also still exceedingly generous for the price point and should be shared (unless this is all you're getting, but come on, you're here for soup dumplings and you know it). I hope it gets worn in a little soon though, as Joe's to me should have the feeling of a place that has been around forever - this place is an NYC staple and should feel as such. Yes, the location on Pell St will be missed, but they needed to expand; the fact that there is still a line to get in, even with all the extra seating highlights this. Thanks for keeping the food and the prices the same, I'll absolutely be back for a bamboo tray of soup dumplings soon (no, I'm not sharing, get your own).  ___________ *If you're a party of two just stay in line, they will eventually need to fill a two top and if you're closest to the front of the line, you win.
2 I Never wanted to try Joe's Shanghai based on a hunch it's american (white people) asian food. Well, the restaurant was just around where I was, so why not?  We ordered 2 dishes : fried dumplings and pork soup dumplings, solely because that's what they are "famous" for. Big disappointment. The dumpling skin is fine, not too thick, and the soup was just fine, but the meat was lacking of almost any real depth of flavour. Usually fried dumplings are hard to get wrong in any other restaurant because they are so basic, yet joe's Shanghai failed on both. Both dishes had almost no flavour.   We had to ask for chili paste/hot sauce, and even their hot oil chili paste also had almost no taste LOL. Sorry, this one is all hype and there are better Shanghainese restaurants in NYC  Service just hit or miss. Its not bad but it's not great. It's asian restaurant in chinatown anyway. And they put 15% "service charge" automatically on the check. I just pitied them and add $1 extra tip on top of the service charge for $16 food ( before tax and tip ) so total I gave the mediocre service 25%.   I live in NYC so I'm not a big fan when they put the tip automatically for party of 2. My assumption maybe is tourists' area and generally they don't tip. Oh well....  Not recommend this place. Unless u want to eat mediocre food. For Xiao long bao I suggest " Nang Xiang Xiao long bao" in flushing
4 Always a solid experience.  Great menu and of course the soup dumplings are among the best in NYC.
5 My first visit and it was great. Long wait but so worth it.Soup dumplings are amazing.
5 Hands down some of the best Chinese food I've had in my life. You can't go there without trying their famous soup dumplings, but the rest of the menu is delicious as well.
4 4 stars are for the soup dumplings! They were amazing. The rest of the food wasn't the best, but we were glad we went.
4 Very long wait to be seated and long wait for the food. However, soup dumplings were amazing!! Comes out piping hot and perfectly seasoned. The wonton soup was pretty good as well. Definitely recommend!!
3 Known for their soup dumplings which are indeed excellent; but just two varieties- pork & crab and pork. Little else that would be considered dim sum (no other dumplings, shrimp or otherwise; no roast meats, turnip cakes have pork in them, etc) so I have no idea why it gets listed under top dim sum places. The other dishes I saw around looked heavily greasy and uninteresting.
4 My wife absolutely raves about this place and to be honest it's alright. They're famous soup dumplings are on point and they are always busy which isn't a bad thing by any means. I guess because of the flood of tourists and locals wanting to get their fix some of the friendly and helpful service goes a little astray. So it's good. Definitely lives up to the hype but just a bit too tourist-trappy(ish) for my liking to frequent it too often....
3 Beware. This is not the same beloved restaurant that was on Pell St.  Must have sold their name. Despite an attempt to keep things the same on the surface the food is quite different. Dumplings have completely different taste. Barely taste the crab. It's kind of bland. Food in general is is too sweet and over salted. Not bad -- just nothing special, passable NY Chinese food. Table set up changed (no tea pot, no jar of fresh chilli paste) Menu morphed. Vegetarian dumpling now available. Fried! Sacrilege. We were very disappointed. Felt like tourists. We had been eating at the original for 10 years.  Is this a scam? Is it dishonest? Whatever. The food is not the same.
5 This is still the bomb. Explosive juicy bomb. Just order platters of the crab roe soup dumpling and satisfaction will be yours.   This is a relatively new opening and the decor is updated with a more modern look; no more clothed tables. But in fact these matter not because you are here for the soup dumplings.
4 Joe's shanghai is a solid chinese restaurant but honestly the xiao long bao was not that amazing in my opinion. Maybe it's because I've been spoiled by xiao long bao from the streets of Shanghai, but these were nowhere near what they were hyped up to be. The XLB had more soup/juice than any others I've had in the US, but I felt like the flavor was sort of average. Better than Din Tai Fung for sure though (but then again, I think DTF is like a 2/5 lol)  But 4 stars because despite it not living up to hype, this place still has great food and is not one of those ridiculously overpriced asian restaurants. They give big portions and their prices are super reasonable given how famous they are. Aside from one order of XLB, my friend and I got a beef fried rice which was delicious, and we were actually struggling so hard to finish it.   Moreover, the service is one of the best I've experienced at a Chinese restaurant -- not that I really care about the service at Chinese restaurants (because usually there is an inverse relationship between quality of service and quality of food at these places haha), but it was impressive. Also, lots of great dessert places within walking distance in Chinatown!
5 It has been over 10 years since I last wrote about Joe's Shanghai. Everything that I've said about Joe's Shanghai's food back then is still true now. The dumpling quality is still one of the best in New York due to the thin chewy skin, dense broth and well-seasoned pork. They're also one of the last restaurants to serve 8 soup dumpling in a basket. Most other restaurants serve only 6.   Joe's, for those of you who are new to this restaurant, has been around since the mid-1990's when it was one of the first soup dumpling restaurants in New York City. I still think they make the best version of soup dumplings in New York City. What has changed recently is that Joe's has moved into the old 27 Sunshine space at 46 Bowery. This was a great move because diners now have a larger, brighter and more modern space to eat. I recently visited and noticed that since the space is larger, there's a lesser likelihood of table-sharing as with the old space at Pell Street. The service was also the same: quick and efficient. When the bill came, there was the same 15 percent tip, which is automatically added to the receipt. This is understandable because of the large number of tourists who come to this location. Joe's is still cash only. There's two ATM machines in the vestibule of Joe's if cash is needed.  I ordered a beef fried rice cake and an order of pork soup dumplings. Both were just as good as in the old location. I looked at the other tables and noticed that the food looked the same, with only the plates and utensils upgraded.   It was nice to see the food remain true to Joe's long history. I look forward to trying some of the more Shanghainese dishes on the menu in a later visit.
4 We stopped by here after the Lubar Festival parade. Waited 30 minutes for a table to our selves, as they wanted to seat us at a group table.   We weren't offered the free tea mentioned in other reviews.  We ordered both soup dumplings listed as appetizers: the pork and the pork/crab.  They were amazing and filling!  We also ordered the Shanghai noodle that a lot of others on Yelp have raved about, but we thought they were just "good".
5 Two words. SOUP DUMPLINGS. Joe's Shanghai is know for their soup dumplings and they are amazing. Always a great place for food. Always busy so you'll probably have to wait to get in there. FYI the restaurant is cash only! Other than that good food, nice atmosphere, and clean.
5 Congratulations to Joe's Shanghai on their new location! This place has been a favorite of mine for about 15 years at their old location on Pell St. While the old location, just around the corner, did have a certain dingy charm, the new location is much more spacious, brighter, and cleaner, and there are more bathrooms. Although you'll probably still need to wait for a table before dinner, you can expect a shorter wait time as there are many more tables at this location.  Still, the food is as good as ever! My go-to order is lots of pork soup dumplings (the absolute must if you eat here), scallion pancakes, and pan fried chicken noodles. Everything I've ordered from them is excellent, although you can never go wrong with just lots and lots of soup dumplings. Expect to share a table if you don't have a large group. Staff are fast and accommodating.
3 Well Joe's congratulations on the new location! It's more accessible, bigger, brighter, and a huge upgrade looks wise than its original location. Although I'll surely miss the original spot because it had so much character! If you want to beat the crowds, try getting there around 11-11:30ish, which we did and our party of 8 waited less than 20 minutes.  New spot, same menu, same prices (surprising). Any trip to NYC meant a stop for XLBs at Joe's. At the new location, these are still really good! Definitely worth a try if you are a fan of XLBs.  What was disappointing was that the fried rice and the green beans don't have the same flavor. The fried rice used to be bright and moist. This visit  it was darker and dry.  Which is sad because I used to love their fried rice. The green beans also took a step back, leaving me wondering, where'd the flavor go??   Maybe the need time to break in the new kitchen, but until then, I can only remember the memories of what used to be remarkable
5 Honestly, this was my favorite part of visiting New York. The soup dumplings were the best thing I had. I can't even describe it. You just have to try it. There usually is a wait. We waited 30 minutes before being seated. The food came out fast. Note that it is cash only. I'm planning to come back here next time I visit.
3 What happened to Joe shanghai? This used to be my go-to place for soup dumplings in Chinatown but it recently moved to a new location nearby. The decor is much nicer and the space is bigger but everything else went downhill.   Our soup dumplings came out first. We had a order of the pork soup dumplings and a order of the crab and pork soup dumplings. They were filled with plenty of soup inside and the flavor was good. However, the skin of the dumpling was a bit too thick and overpowered the filling.   Throughout my whole dining experience here, the service was odd and unorganized. Before we even had a chance to look through the menu, a server was standing behind us waiting to take our order. After we ordered our food, we asked for a cup of tea but yet they came back with a plate of cold chicken instead that we didn't order. When we were almost done with our meal, we inquired about one of the missing items we ordered earlier and he told us he didn't put the order through. Why did he say okay when we placed the order then? They also put a vegetarian noodle dish on our table but another waiter rushed over to take it back since it didn't belong to us. We ordered the beef pan fried noodles. When it finally arrived, the noodles were nice and crispy and there was a good variety of ingredients inside. However, we thought the dish was way too salty!
5 These soup dumplings are probably the only reason I'd move from California to freezing NY!! I'd give this place more than 5 stars if I could!!  Came here Saturday at 1pm and the wait was maybe ~15-20min for a party of 4. We ordered the crab with pork meat soup dumpling and the pork meat soup dumpling. They were bothhhh so good. Soupy, hot, flavorful, and delicious! I'd add more adjectives if my vocabulary was better. If I had any slight preference, it'd be the regular pork soup dumpling because it's a little cheaper...meaning I can eat more dumplings. The crab one also had a crab flavor so idk how much of those I can eat in one go.   My family also ordered the Shanghai Noodle Soup. I only had a sip of soup but my first impression was it's oily. We also got the Jajiangmein....which no one wanted to finish. I'd recommend skipping these two and just ordering the soup dumplings.
4 One of the best XLB places in New York City. Actually there are  quite a few good ones and I have to say that XLB is better in New York than in the San Francisco Bay Area.
3 We passed by the restaurant many times and finally got a chance to try it.  We ordered the xiaolong bao, the scallion pancake, the lion head, the peppy fried pork chop, the pan fried noodles.  The must-try are the bao and pancake. The bao is very juicy and good deal. The pancake is crispy and delicious     The pork chop is too dry. The noodle is too salty. To us, they are not as good as the ones in other restaurant. The lion head is disappointed  the first one is overcooked and it is all black. I have no  idea why the chef and waitress didn't notice.
5 Best place in nyc for soup dumplings, shredded beef. Always full , now in new place e better seating , cleaner
4 Definitely the best Xai Long Bao in NYC! Easy to find, lots of seating, fasat service, and delicious food- everything I need. Note- if is cash only so come prepared or take the hit at the ATM in the front, either way it's totally worth it!
5 My quest for the best xiao long bao has brought me a long way from my home in Hawaii...... all the way to Manhattan's Chinatown. I was here on vacation (I used to live here and consider it my home) and browsed Yelp, of course, to look for a place to eat soup dumplings. A few reviews stated that Joe's Shanghai was very good, although touristy. Hmmm.... I was staying in the Village so Chinatown was close by. Why not? My best friend from my early NYC days and I hopped in a cab and off we went.  I'm happy to say that when we went today, it was not filled with tourists. In fact, it was filled with a lot of locals, which is always a good thing. We were promptly seated and brought glasses of hot tea, which were so good on this cold February morning. We ordered turnip cakes, scallion pancakes, pork pan fried dumplings, and pork xiao long bao. Where do I begin to describe how delicious the food was? The turnip cakes were crunchy on the outside, soft and almost creamy in the middle, and a very good start to our wonderful meal. Our server quickly brought out the scallion pancake and pork dumplings. Scallion pancake is a must have - nicely crispy with a deliciously mild scallion flavor. The black vinegar complemented this perfectly. Pork pan fried dumplings were also a hit, with a crunchy exterior and deliciously moist interior, with lots of pork flavor. Our last dish brought out was the pork xiao long bao. This beats any of the XLBs I've had in Hawaii. Very juicy, with hot, flavorful soup that you slurp up after you poke a small hole in the side of it, then add chili oil or black vinegar and enjoy the heavenly pork filling. What an outstanding dining experience! I hope to come back on my next trip to NYC, which will be in a few months. Other tables were having fried rice, noodles, chicken and beef dishes, but there were only two of us and we didn't have the stomach space, so sadly the amount of food we could eat was limited. I give this place a well deserved, solid 5 stars.
2 The staff did not pay attention or come to your table unless you called for them. They stood around until they were called for. Even if you were ready to order and you looked like you are ready to order, they did not go over to you unless you called them over.  I was okay with sharing a table since it's often done in Chinese restaurants. But usually, there is a seat in between you and the separate party. We were elbow to elbow on a Tuesday afternoon and each time the large group spun the rotating tray or turntable in the middle, it would bump something. I sat with a seat in between at first and they were very insisted on having me move over (told me 4 times lol) and I eventually did. Turns out, they planned on putting another group of 2 at the same table, which now consisted of 3 groups (2 groups of 2 and a group of 6). This was my first experience at a restaurant sitting elbow to elbow with strangers when there were more than enough EMPTY tables for us to have sat a seat apart, more than enough tables for each group to have had our own tables. Was not the communal seating I expected or have always experienced.   The pork soup dumpling tasted homemade, but the same usual filling that other restaurants and stores sell. Still delicious soup dumplings. I order Szechuan food for the spicy kick, I could not taste the spice, but I saw a small amount of Szechuan sauce. Tasted like any other beef noodle soup.   tl;dr - overhyped, most likely won't visit anymore and if I do, its a no to sharing a table. (They don't usually ask you to share if its a group that fits their open table sizes; they have tables for groups of 2,4, and 10)
3 I was really disappointed to walk in and find out that it wasn't a restaurant that has a variety of dim sum. Pictures of dim sum are the first items shown on the website, so I took an Uber there ready and excited to eat that. I got there, sat down, and found out there are only two types of dim sum, and they are only appetizers. They were ok enough but I wish I had looked at the menu before taking and Uber there.
5 Joe's Shanghai was one of those places that constantly popped up when searching for the must eat food in NY. Came here on a Thursday afternoon and got seated immediately. Ordered their famous xiao long baos and green beans. The greens beans were def passable, but def go for the XLBs. They were on the bigger side and had so much soup in it. Ohh also their bathroom was surprisingly super clean!
5 Da-dumps are amazing! Love this place. Been many times. Highly recommend to everyone visiting New York as it's a staple
5 Simply the Best!!! Soup dumplings and scallion pancakes are life changing.  They just moved and are better than ever.  Expect to wait on a line
1 Came here on monday afternoon where the restaurant wasnt packed at all.. the person who greeted us also greeted another party and ask all of us to follow her which makes us very confused, normally other restaurant would seat one party at the time. Not complained about this, but could be more organized. Like i mentioned, the restaurant wasnt packed at all but yet the two of us were seated in a very small table next to the stairway. The service was really slow, they ignored us for so long before taking our orders. The food came pretty fast though. We ordered the lotus cake, soup dumplings, salt and pepper pork and plain scallion noodles. All of them were very very very salty, fyi, i normally preferably to eat salty food but this is already wayy to salty even for salty food fan like me. When we were eating, i dropped the chopstick by accident and one of the staff who stood not far from our table had an eye contact with me and saw me dropping it, but instead of quickly approaching me with a new pair of chopsticks, he was just ignore me until i have to wait some time to stop another staff who passed by to give me a new set of chopsticks. The server never come back to our table to asked how was everything, he was only simply come when taking our order (after a long time) and dropping check. I mean this place better of self service rather than having such staffs. I would never recommend this place to friends and its a no no coming back here.
5 This place is great. Came with a party of 6 for my moms birthday. The food was amaaaaazing and the price even better. We went on Martin Luther King day and it was packed. Had a wait a while outside to get seated. When we were seated they brought out free hot tea for the whole table. The food came out super quick and it was delicious! The soup dumplings were to die for. Bathrooms were nice and clean. Can't wait to go back.
5 Joe's Shanghai is the spot you bring your friends who are visiting NYC -- total tourist spot. That being said, the quality of the food does not disappoint and it's overall a stellar experience.  The location has moved from Pell St. to Bowery so trade the older, kinda funny (XLB + vinegar) smelling space for a new modern, clean look. It's in prime location and during rush hours it'll most definitely attract an impressive crowd.  Must orders:  - Scallion pancake - Shanghai fried flat noodles - XLBs! pork... try the crab too!  You can get most of the standard banquet-style Chinese foods here... it's all solid. Don't forget to add an overpriced veggie -- gotta get that fiber!
5 Joe Shanghai order  So def. start with:  1 order of pork soup dumplings 1 hot/sour soup 1 scallion pancake - 1 crispy shredded beef 1 sesame chicken  Bonus: Shanghai noodles, a fried rice dish, but I always get the free white rice bowl (just ask)  Also - when you get in, ask for John.  He's the GM.  Very nice guy.
4 Let's get down to it.  Good portions for the price. The food was very good. Authentic. They had a mix of American style and Cantonese style as well. Lots of options and the wait wasn't very long. Very attentive staff and nice room to eat. Also a great location! Hit it and then go cruise around Canal Street. Go hit one of those giant supermarkets with asian stuff!
5 Oh Wow! This place was awesome, usually not a big fan of Chinatown NYC but this place is worth coming back! Highly recommend the Soup Dumplings! Service was quick and portion was  great - taste at the right priced! However if you come at a wrong time you might have to wait outside, so come early!
5 Pork dumpling are amazing ! The crab and pork dumplings are also good . The Peking pork noodle I is where it's at ! Def something you should order with your  meal ! We also got the beef and jalapeño ... not a fan
3 This place is ok. The soup dumplings are okay, it was a bit too brothy for me. The lo mein was not that tasty and on your bland side. Green onion pancakes were really oily. Not a fan
5 This was our first time eating in Chinatown and it was a good stop.   The process of getting a table is a bit hectic and unorganized. They give you a number and an approximate wait time. Since ours was 1.5 hours, we decided to leave for about 45 minutes. Based on a lot of people doing this, it seems like we probably could have been seated while we were gone if we hadn't left. After getting back we waited about 20-30 minutes before being seated.   Onto the food.. it's important to know that it's cash only, but they have an ATM there if you don't come prepared.   We got scallion pancakes and pork soup dumplings for appetizers. I wasn't impressed with the scallion pancakes. The soup dumplings, as expected, were the star of the entire meal. I've only had them elsewhere once before, but this time I came prepared and figured out how to eat them before we came. I wasn't impressed with previous soup dumplings, but these ones are amazing. Make sure to get them.   For entrees, a few of us split the Shanghai Flat Noodles, the Singapore Chow Mei Fun, and the Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup. We really enjoyed everything. I was probably most impressed by the soup.   I definitely thought it was worth the wait to come here. I'd recommend just staying there and waiting since the wait will probably be shorter than advertised.
3 5 star doe soup dumplings. 1star for service.  We ordered eggplant besides the soup dumplings,  which never came.  We asked several times but the server never moved. Only after we said we would like to cancel it if the eggplant is still not ready,  the server went to check and immediately brought the eggplant.
5 Bring cash! Fill your belly with lots of delicious food. Fun time all around. Great spot to share with friends.
4 The new Joe's Shanghai is MUCH better. The wait is just as long, but it is significantly cleaner. The staff are also very attentive, which is just amazing.  Soup dumpings - 5/5 - hands down Rice cakes - 5/5 - best in Chinatown Singaporean rice noodles - 3/5 - a bit dry Fried pork ribs - 4/5 - tons of batter, not enough meat  Will return here for soup dumplings.
4 Joe's Shanghai was probably the only place I liked in NYC. Their soup dumplings were excellent. I recommend their eggplant with garlic l, braised duck, general tsos chicken and the sautéed clams.
5 Ambiance is doodoo. Everything else good. The best. Etc. I need to try more places. Big.  The noods: chewy and good.  Rice cake dish: chewy and good.  xlb: super good. big. cheap. valuetown.  Crab xlb: good.  big.
5 Best hot & sour soup in the city! Great soup dumplings! It sucks they don't take reservations. They told us 45 minutes wait, but we got sat in like 12 minutes, great surprise. I'll be back.
4 Juicy and flavorful pork meat soup dumplings followed by eggplant with garlic sauce. How can anyone go back to their local Chinese joint after experiencing this? Beautifully decorated walls and ceilings in new space on Bowery.
4 It's the newly renovated Joe's Shanghai and to many some of the best soup dumplings they've ever had.   To me I'm happy that the bathrooms are cleaner and the restaurant is renovated, it really makes a difference without taking too much of a hit to the prices of the entrees.   But with all popular Chinatown tourist spots you will feel the pressure to leave your table quickly after the meal. In addition the restaurant is cash only despite the renovation. They also add a 15% service charge which is automatic to the bill.   Lastly as a fan of Din Tai Fung I found the soup dumplings here not as good as DTF.   4 stars for the quick food and new ambiance.
4 Best Chinese food I've ever had... from the hot and sour soup to the soup dumplings... so good!
5 One if my all time favorite joint for soup dumplings. I'm a native Shanghainese, growing up eating Xiaolong Bao, this is about as authentic as it gets, also very reasonably priced. I much prefer the flavor here then of Ding Tai Feng, which is way over priced, and just OK  tasting.
5 The soup dumplings were hot, fresh, and delicious. My young son devoured his chicken dish (recommended by server but don't remember the name). The service was incredible! Didn't have to ask for anything, the servers are positioned throughout the restaurant watching their tables for anything that might be needed. I was there on a Monday during the holiday break and arrived about 30 min after opening. Got a table right away and ordered food before our coats were off. Turned out to be perfect timing - 10 min after arriving there was a line out the door and around the corner!
4 I came to New York knowing I wanted soup dumplings. My aunt did her research and found this place. AMAZING SOUP DUMPLINGS!  The place was very small and it is packed! They don't take reservations and seating is on a first come, first serve basis. After waiting for 30 minutes, we were finally seated.  Besides the packed restaurant and the long wait, this place was amazing. I heard they are expanding soon, so that will probably eliminate the waiting and space issue.  I will definitely be coming back!
4 Joes Shanghai was delicious. We had the meat soup dumplings, braised 1/2 duck, and scallion pancake.  The soup dumplings were perfect on a cold January day, the scallion pancakes were authentic, and the duck was easily the best ever I've had. The meat was incredibly soft and came right off the bone. The texture was very similar to pork ribs, and the sauce was just right!
5 Joe's Shanghai was hands down some of the best food I've ever had in my life.   I got the general Tsos chicken and it was amazing! I also got the fried dumplings and they were to die for. This is definitely a must visit in China town.
5 Joe' Shanghai has great food and wonderful service! We waited about 40 minutes for a shared table but it was worth it! We were told they are famous for their dumplings and they didn't disappoint!
5 Best Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. They just moved from their historic location and opened a new place around the block with a renewed and eye-catching style. When it comes to these things I still prefer the old and ugly looking space that almost feels unwelcoming but that's still gives the authentic Chinatown experience. But that's my personal and obviously nostalgic opinion and it doesn't matter. So, please order the soup dumplings, they are the best ever.
3 Their location recently moved to this new location at Bowery. We have always loved soup dumplings and we visit joe Shanghai every single time we visit New York. we always felt joe Shanghai is much better than Din Tai Fung with their amount of soup actually in the dumpling. It has been in few years so we were excited to go back to joe. Good thing we checked on google because we did not realize they had moved from their old Chinatown location. We arrived at 1:45pm on Saturday and had to wait for 30 minutes which we did not mind considering how good these are. We finally made it in and had to share a table which is always the case. The dumplings were good as usual but the service was very very slow. We ordered 3 baskets and it took over 30 mins. Plus, by the time we finished our last basket the last dish still had not arrive yet. We were very disappointed. I am not sure if it's the new kitchen and them working out the kinks but service was less than desirable.
3 The wait on a Sunday night was unusually short, roughly in line with others. I don't think it would've been worth it. Interior: Bright and clean, not too crowded. Bathroom was nice except for a very dirty stall. Utensils were clean. Food: Good overall. Some dishes had generous portions, others not so much. Service: Slow and highly variable. Long waits between plates. Prices: Pretty cheap, closer to $ than $$. 15% service charge and taxes are included. Cash only. It was not a bad meal, but the experience did not justify the popularity of the restaurant. You can do better elsewhere.
3 They moved the original Joe's Shanghai to a new location so I wanted to give it a try. During dinner time, the wait was long so I decided to order take out. (wait is like 1.5 to 2 hours, I don't recommend the wait unless hour are a tourist.) I called the restaurant and it took them 40 minutes to prepare my food for takeout.  I order the the pork and crab soup dumplings. I do not recommend ordering those for takeout bechasw they stuff them in a takeout box, the dumplings get stuff together and when you go to eat it, the soup falls out. It ruins the soup dumplings.   I also ordered the fried rice, beef rice cake and beef soup noodles. They were pretty good for takeout.  Overall, a good soup dumpling spot but not worth the wait because there are other soup dumping just as good around the corner. They need to have better soup dumpling takeout box to not ruin the soup dumplings takeout experience. Please also bring cash, the still do not accept cash.
5 Came here with a large group (8) and was seated immediately. The soup dumplings and crispy fried shrimp here is a must try! The service here is always super fast and friendly. All the portions here are family style. This is also a cash only please. Not sure if they are under new management because their menu says a different name but the food is still the same.
5 Excellent Shanghainese food. The soup dumplings, of course, are famous. The lion's head meatball was AMAZING and savory and the pork with bean curd skin was great as well.   This place can get crowded, especially on weekends and holidays. Try coming on a weekday at 11 or 11:30 to avoid crowds.
5 Worth the hype! Went with a group of 3 of us and ordered 2 dishes to share plus classic soup dumplings. Perfect amount of food. Funky setup where you share a table with other groups (depending on the size of your group). We ended up sharing a table with one other group. No reservations and the line definitely takes a while to move, but it's worth it!
4 This place is pretty good.  The line moves fast.  Soup dumplings was top notch I would go back
3 It has moved to a new location. 46 Browerlu is the current address. I called the restaurant twice to ask for the direction, and the person who answered the phone just told me to keep walking. I had mentioned the old address, but she had never informed me the new address.
5 Ordered  soup dumpling (regular n the one with crab meat), scarlion pancake, sesame noodle (cold served, springy, intense sesame paste), stir fried chicken cube with hot pepper (with a kick of heat without the layer of red oil or dried pepper), stir fried bamboo shoot with beef (** tasty bamboo shoot on the sweet side), stir fried shredded pork with jalapeno, crispy pepper skin duck (**very good), stir fried vege, spring bean, general chicken, eel stew (too starchy).  about 30 bucks per person.  ** highly recommended the deep fried duck, n the bamboo shoot with beef.
3 The waiting line is long. They shouldn't let strangers sit at the table together. Uncomfortable to eat with anybody that you don't know. Not good service, the waitresses doesn't know how to do service, not friendly just stay in the front desk to clean the menu.
5 This place was amazing! It was a spur of the moment to go & I don't regret it one bit. The soup dumplings are the best ones I have ever had in my whole entire life & I am 101% sure I'm never going to find another place who makes them as good as them. They do only take cash & it was 45 minute wait with a line out the door BUT it was worth it. I would do it again if I had too.
4 This is my second time at Joe's Shanghai. I first visited the Flushing, Queens location about a year or so ago. Yesterday, I visited the China town location in Manhattan. When we arrived, the hostess informed us that there was a 30 minute wait (we were a party of 4) however, we were seated about 5 minutes later which was a major plus.   We started with soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. BOTH ARE MUST HAVES (especially the soup dumplings which is what Joe's is known for). Since we were a party of four, we ordered multiple dishes which we all shared. LITERALLY EVERYTHING WAS DELICIOUS! The General Tso's chicken was probably the best General Tso's I've ever had.  I guess the only downside was thaour waiter so badly did not want to be there. It was written all over his face. If he wasn't such a Debbie downer, I'd have given five stars. Otherwise, phenomenal food and fun atmosphere!
4 Ver authentic food with excellent service! The dumplings are a must, perfectly steamed bursting with flavor with the first bite, we also had the pork fried rice and chicken and egg noodle dish, can't remember the exact name. The fried rice was some of the best I've had but the egg noodle dish was just ok, good but kind of bland. The food here is fairly priced and portions are definitely shareable. Will definitely be back on our next visit to New York. Our biggest selling point to eat here was not only good reviews but upon walking through Chinatown it was the only place that was packed.
4 This is my first review of Joe's Shanghai's but I have been several times now. I have been to the one in Manhattan and the one in Chinatown most recently which this review is based on. The one in Chinatown was a little hard to find at first because it recently moved to a different location and my uber ride took me to the older location. Luckily, it was still walking distance to the new location so it wasn't a big deal but just something to keep in mind. The new location is 46 Bowery St which is a bigger and much nicer space than before.  Every time I go to Joe's I always order the same thing which is the soup dumplings with pork and the scallion pancakes. Both are very delicious (especially the soup dumplings) and are something I crave every time I am in NYC! The soup dumplings are not available where I live (SC) and so this makes them even more enticing every time I come to NYC.  I would say they are the best soup dumplings in the city but that would not be fair because I have heard there are many other places in NYC that have great soup dumplings as well but I never want to take the chance of being disappointed since I usually have very limited time when I am in the city. Having said that, you cannot go wrong here by coming here for the soup dumplings and this is always a must do spot in the city if that is what you are craving. The only caveat with going here or to any of the locations is that you are looking at a 45-60 minute wait which is annoying but I feel like it is still worth the wait. I am giving Joe's 4 stars only because I have ONLY eaten the scallion pancakes and soup dumplings and they have a pretty extensive menu available. I do not feel like it is fair to judge an entire restaurant based on 2 items off the menu even though they are so delicious. I will say though that I have seen other food items come out of the kitchen and they all looked really good.  Pro Tip: If you go to the new location in Chinatown then go next door to the hotel called Hotel 50 Bowery NYC. They have a great bar and rooftop that is a perfect place to get a drink and enjoy a nice view while you wait. It's a little pricey but worth it.
2 I have to say I am very dissapointed in this restaurant, it opened not too long ago at the new location on Bowery and the wait was usually 40 minutes(tourist trap) today we walked by and it was no wait so we decided to give it a shot I been to the old joes over five years ago and was not a fan, gave it a second chance.. the appetizer arrived first and we were all excited and starving their soup dumplings is plump that's where they get one star.. that is one of the better soup dumplings in Chinatown it's comparable to shanghai cafe and 21 shanghai, shanghai cafe is better IMO. Their kao fu, sweet tofu with mushroom was also a hit... it's a cold appetizer dish. Everything else that came after was lacking in everything it was either way too sour for the sweet and sour fish, too salty and bland for the chicken, too breaded and salty for the pork chops and the pig feet even though drenched in sauce managed to be dry and salty and the only thing my coworkers thought was decent was the string beans cause it wasn't terrible(it was just bland).. if you do come I recommend sticking with the appetizers and their soup dumplings.
5 I went here with a friend at around 2pm on a Tuesday and there were people waiting outside. We got a number and the hostess said that it would be about a 45 minute wait. Expect to wait at least 30 minutes around anytime. We decided to walk around and went to Tiger Sugar, which is close by. By the time we got back I think our number was passed but it was fine. She told us to go inside and wait on the line to be called. After about 10 minutes we were seated. The new location is very modern. The tables could be bigger. When you sit down they bring you tea and water.  We ordered the Pork Friend Dumplings ($7.95), which were very good and came with 8 dumplings. Of course we ordered their famous Pork Soup Dumplings ($7.95). It comes with 8 and they are my top 2 favorite soup dumplings in Manhattan Chinatown. They are large and delicate so be careful when picking them up. The broth is plentiful and expect it to fill your whole spoon. We got an order of General Tso Chicken ($17.95), which was perfectly crispy with a little spice. Chicken Fried Rice ($10.25), which is exactly what you want in fried rice. The bowl was never-ending and we were able to take some home.   This place is cash only so be sure to stop at the multiple banks on your way to the restaurant. This place is pricier than most in Chinatown, but if you are looking for quality I recommend trying it out.
5 Obviously, THE place to get soup dumplings in Manhattan, so be prepared to wait.   But that's okay.   Come early, grab a number, and take a walk around the neighborhood. Check back in and be seated.  Order the famous xiaolongbao, which are delightful little dumplings, filled with broth. Crab beats plain pork soup dumplings, but honestly, both are delicious. An eight-dumpling serving is filling, especially if you order another appetizer. Scallion panckaes are a safe bet. Warm, flaky, stretchy? I'm down.  Inexpensive eats. Free tea and orange wedges to round out the meal.  Cash only, don't forget. You don't want to be scrambling for cash when the check drops.
4 Joe's is fairly popular, so be prepared for a wait. Went for dinner one evening and it was about a thirty minute wait. I just grabbed a number from them and came back after thirty minutes, and by then they were ready to seat us.  We had the scallion pancakes, the soup dumplings, and the beef flat noodles. The portions were very generous. It ended up being too much food for two people, so we took most of the noodles home. I liked the soup dumplings a lot; the ratio of soup to dumpling was pretty solid compared to other places that I've been to. Scallion pancakes were very standard. The noodles were a bit too oily for my taste.  Be warned that they are cash only, so make sure you bring some cash! We totally missed this until we paid. There is an ATM outside as well.
2 Really unimpressed. Dumplings were fine. Fried rice was tasted like smoke. Kung pao chicken wasn't the least bit spicy and had zero flavor. Would not come back. Definitely feel like we got sucked into a tourist attraction.
3 When I got there, I had high expectations because of the reviews. I grew up on Chinese food so my expectations are probably much higher than most. The wait was just a little over an hours which I did not mind waiting for good food. You must go inside to grab a ticket from one of the staff to be put on the list and receive a wait time! We had to share a table with other guests, which was a little uncomfortable but I completely understand due to their high volume. The staff weren't very attentive. I had to ask for water several times b efore he got it for me. I recommend getting what they are known for which is the soup dumplings. They were juicy and delicious but you much eat them right away! The stir fry noodle were good as well, had a chard flavor from the wok. But the beef noodle soup was terrible! There was literally no flavor. It just tasted like hot water tbh. Idk if that's a mistake or that's how they normally make it but I would never order that again. The sweet and sour fried fish was good. But the strong ketchup taste ruined it. I expected more from this place. Also, there is automatically 15% gratuity added on to the bill.
4 Pretty good Crab and Pork Xiao Long Bao. As someone from LA, I still prefer the Din Tai Fung on the west coast. Look forward to try other dishes next time I'm in NYC.
1 Invasion of the Dumpling Snatchers! We've been among Joe's Shanghai's most loyal fans since shortly after it opened in Manhattan Chinatown in 1996. We've introduced generations of visitors and otherwise picky children to its iconic steamed buns (soup dumplings), and never had a dissatisfied customer, not once. So it pains us to report that the Joe's we knew and loved is no more. The new location is fancier and cleaner and a bit larger. The menu is essentially the same, though without the chalkboard specials. On the Monday after Christmas, despite a chill drizzle, the crowd outside seemed larger and more ravenous than ever. (The previous Friday, we'd given up after facing a two-hour wait.) But to cut to the chase: This was our most disappointing meal of 2019. None of the waiters we'd gotten to know over the decades seem to have survived the move around the corner from Pell Street to the Bowery. The service at Joe's had never been refined, but it was always friendly and attentive. Now you are attended by unsmiling newbies toting iPads, and we had to ask three times for water. The food wasn't awful. It was simply mediocre. All of our old favorites had been stripped of intensity and flavor. The scallion pancakes and turnip cakes, heretofore light and flaky, were now doughy. The fabled soup dumplings, once so delicate that it required craft and practice to move them to your spoon without bursting them, were so thickly wrapped that you could bounce them off your plate without incident. The soup and pork inside had lost all intensity. The result was perfectly edible and wholly forgettable. The rest of our dishes were similarly bland. Kung Pao chicken, always reliable, was ruined by dried-out breast meat. The Peking duck--a new addition--was perfectly cooked and totally tasteless. Ditto for the string beans and pea shoots. At that point we gave up and filed out in mourning. It seems clear that Joe's has a new set of chefs and prep people. We can only wonder if some malign corporate entity bought the Joe's name  and brought in their own talent-free staff. When our waiter wondered why we'd left so much food on our plates, we replied that everything had changed from the old place. He replied that they had just opened. We'd like to believe that with time, Joe's will return to the quality that made it a Chinatown legend. But we're not betting on it.
3 This place was alright. Tried it for the first time, and it was not like what I expected. Got the Lion's head, which was too sweet for my taste. The salt and pepper calamari taste good but not very crunchy. The green beans is what expected of a Chinese restaurant. The xiao long Bao was better than ones in Houston but not great. Over all, I would not go back here. It is more of a one time experience kind of thing.
5 I can never get enough.   Their new location has so much more space but the food quality has remained the same.   This trip, we ended up with pork XLB, scallion pancake, salt and pepper pork chops and Shanghai noodles - all top notch.
1 I am SO SAD (and angry). Joe's Shanghai is dead. I used to crave these specific soup dumplings on a regular basis, make it a point to take friends from out of town here, and even dine at their midtown location. My hubbie and I went tonight and ate what was hands down the worst Chinese food I've ever had in NYC. Actually scratch that - the takeout restaurant in my upstate NY hometown is better these days. The crab and soup dumplings were painfully bland and had shells in them (totally changed from the amazing savory pockets of tastiness they used to be); the noodles came out in a solid ball and the waiter tried to tease it out like a hair knot at our table looking ashamed of himself (the sauce too was again, flavorless); and the new place has lost all of its vibe and feels like a shabby healthcare clinic. I don't even care about the long lines, the shitty service, and the fact that they now charge tip (probably bc they know you wouldn't want to leave any) - it's the travesty of having no sense of pride and respect for what this place once was (which was even a bit overrated but at least tasted good), clearly not caring at all about the quality of the food, and taking advantage of poor tourists just to make a buck. People - please do yourself a favor and stay away.
3 The line to get in was so long and it did not bring back the amazing memories of the last time we were in NYC 9 years ago. Nice dumplings and the okay Chinese food, but not what I remembered of the old venue.
2 Worst Chinese food I've had in a long time. Service was atrocious. Soup dumplings are just ok now. This place used to be great, but something happened when they moved locations. Stay away.
4 If you're looking for soup dumplings, this is the place to be! They're sooooo good. Full of great soup and meat. Sometimes the wait to be seated is long so be aware. The other dish I love getting here is the beef and broccoli pan fried noodles. The noodles are crisp and the sauce for the beef and broccoli are to die for. I would go every week if the wait wasn't so long.
5 My boyfriend took me here to end our night on new years eve. He had already been here but wanted to take me because he raved about how good the soup dumplings were! We had been to a different place w/ xiao long bao before here in Boston but he said they weren't as good as Joe's Shanghai!  We got two orders of crab + pork soup dumplings and one order of pork soup dumplings. They come with eight each, so we each got 12 dumplings. They were just delicious! So flavorful and also very filling (which is a good thing). I almost died when I finished all 12 dumplings because I was so full.   And, just like my bf said, these WERE better than the place in Boston! I loved it here!
3 This new location has a nice interior but the food is overhyped. The crab meat soup dumplings are nothing to write home about (somewhat bland) and the shanghai stir fry noodles are too salty. I did like the scallion pancakes (good ratio of fluffiness to crispiness) and the red bean dessert pastry.   The food was overall pretty decent but for me, not worth an insanely long wait for some very average soup dumplings. That's what we came for!
4 It was not only my first time in Chinatown in NYC, but it was also my first time having soup dumplings! The line was kind of long (up to the door), but we got seated quickly, like within 10 minutes. We ordered scallion pancakes to share, which were really good. The highlight of the meal was the pork soup dumplings. It was so much fun to eat and try not to spill the soup. The soup broth was incredibly tasty and not too salty, and the meat inside was amazing to eat. The crispy beef was also amazing and was some of the best Chinese food I've ever had. The other people in our party ordered the General Tsos chicken and we were kind of confused because it was a weird orange chicken/general tsos hybrid. We are still unsure if we got the right dish, especially since they tried serving us the wrong dish before. The waiter also forgot our sides of rice and we had to wait 5-10 minutes to get it. Overall, the food was amazing and my only complaint would be the service, but I know they were trying their best since it was super busy. Also, the place is cash only, so make sure you bring some cash!
5 Best soup dumplings I've esten. Many people come to dine here, which speaks wonder of the place.
5 I get my massages next door every month.   Not sure how I never noticed this place.  Today I felt for some good  Chinese food and there it was. I've NEVER waited on line for Chinese food EVER.  I figured it had to be decent.   IT WAS AMAZING!!!  The dumpling were delicious, ah hell,  they were the best dumplings I've ever had!!  I also ordered  the Singapore noodles,  also the best.  This I'll be my go-to spot for Chinese food from now on
2 Poor service, we asked them for water 4 different times and it took forever! The food wasn't even good either! And to top it off they only take cash, so we had to go to the ATM and take out cash with a $3 fee, so stupid!
1 This place is completely a tourist trap. Food is nothing like the original Shanghai recipes. If I could give Zero star I would. The line for the table can only be described as like in a concentration camp. The only different between them is  in a concentration camp you will eventually get some decent food and be satisfied whereas in JS you would pay through your nose and be well pissed off (avg waiting time is 2 hrs). If you really like oriental food then do yourself a favour walk a few yards  towards the main china town there are plenty of decent restaurants and the prices are much reasonable and most of all the quality of food is MUCH better.  Only the restroom is the only thing I would come back for.   The restroom is spacious and relatively tidy and clean compared to average NYC restaurants and food establishments.   :-(
4 This place is super interesting to me. I waited about 45 minutes outside so I could finally understand the hype and obsession with joes shanghai. The wait process was hectic, but worth it to me because I knew that would probably be the case. Once I got seated it was with another family of four, which I had already knew might happen. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, the wonton soup, low mein, and general tsos. The soup dumpling were 7/10, in comparison to Din Thai Fung they aren't comparable. The wonton soup was a 2/10. I couldn't finish it. The rest of the food was delicious. I would suggest this place because it is great, but I wouldn't spend the time fighting the crowd for a table.
5 This is how I picture what home tastes like if I lived in a traditional Chinese household. The soup dumplings are stellar. Pork better than crab, IMO. It's a bit too crabby for my taste. I also really enjoyed the fried rice. Will be dreaming of these tasty pouches of heaven on a cold night.
5 Love the new space - a very modern and exciting vibe. The wait is intimidating. We were quoted 1h40min and that's almost exactly how long it was. It was certainly worth it. They were still working on getting their liquor license as of 12/25, but it's a pretty basic selection of beers. That's not the reason you're here. The real reason is absolutely the soup dumplings. I had never eaten them before so I popped the first one into my mouth and scalded the entire thing. After I figured it out I was able to enjoy them and found myself wishing I had 24-36 more to eat. This was followed up by the general Tso's chicken which was without a doubt the best I have had. Perfectly crispy on the outside, delicate and flavorful on the inside, and a nice lingering spice of medium intensity. It is cash only and the prices are more than fair. By the end of the meal you will forget all about how long you waited.
5 I have to admit, the name threw me off a bit. Seeing the name "Joe" didn't inspire confidence but my husband loves all things dumplings so we gave it a shot. All I can say is boy was I wrong. The soup dumpling were awesome!  Plus the prices were ridiculously low!!!  We got so much food for the price which was shocking let alone for NYC. Will definitely be back. The staff were super attentive and friendly and service was fast. It's with the wait.
5 Best Xiao Long Bao in New York.  I highly recommend.
5 Classic... what can I say... is there better, more authentic Chinese to have in the city... of course. But the food here won't let you don't at all. Great soup dumplings. Great... everything else. It's a must-do while in the city.
4 The food was amazing! Lots of times chinese food is very oily, but this was not. I recommend any of the soup dumplings and the pan fried noodles. My brothers loved the crispy beef - practically orange chicken except with beef. Only reason I would not give it five stars is that we had to wait over an hour to get a table, and it was extremely packed. However, there were plenty of servers and always someone refilling the tea and water.
2 Unfortunately this place was a huge disappointment. Way too much hype. We ordered the scallion pancake, XLB, crab and pork XLB, and stir fried noodles. The best dish was the scallion pancake. If you've ever had Din tai fung, you will also be let down! The XLB wrapper is way too thick leaving an unpleasant gooey texture to the XLB. Service is extremely friendly and quick. There's a 15% gratuity and is cash only.
5 Have come here several times with my parents who love this place almost more than I do. Most recently we didn't have to wait, but in the past we have and run across the street to get quick massages in Chinatown which sounds weird, but it's fun! My step dad gave such glowing compliments that the host gave me a bunch of coupons to bring friends back which I definitely will. Amazing time and amazing food!
4 Joe's was part of a recent food crawl I took part in through Chinatown,  popped in for a couple of orders of soup dumplings on a Thursday afternoon, and to our surprise found an empty restaurant.  I'm jumping on the soup dumpling band wagon with the least surprising review you're going to read about eating here.....    The dumplings are perfectly prepared, twenty twists a piece in traditional fashion. The ratio of soup to pork was spot on and each bite was better than the last.   My only issue with their product is the dumpling sauce, this is purely personal.....  I'd love a bit of vinegar in there for some tang, but that's hardly a blight on a near perfect dumpling experience.   As good a soup dumpling you'll find, that said I can't speak for anything else on the menu.
5 One of the best in Chinatown!!! You need to wait to be seated but it's worth the wait. Their famous dumplings with soup are just the best you can eat.
1 The queuing system is a complete mess. We were told that our wait would be an hour. When they called our number, they asked if everyone is here yet. We said not yet, and they told us that they would not give us the table until everyone is here. Once we have everyone, we asked again how much longer is the wait. The girl told us another hour. That was after we waited for an hour!  No apology or whatsoever. Staff are rude. We saw other parties coming in and checking on their waiting time, and many of them also complained that they have already waited for an hour or so, and were told to wait for another hour.  Go somewhere else unless you have the whole day standing in line, and make sure your whole party is here.  Food is average, you can get better dumpling somewhere else
5 Ordered takeout from this place instead of standing in the line. However, I can see why this place has a line. The food here is spectacular. Definitely plan on eating here again.  Ordered the spring rolls, general tso chicken, dumplings, and shrimp fried rice. It did not disappoint as well! Everything was cooked to perfection and super flavorful without tasting salty or nasty.
2 The new place is not so great. Bad experience. Horrible. If it ain't broke don't fix it. I'm beyond upset.   The line is not as fast or organized. Seating is slow but I was prepared  for that.   Then we saw beer on the menu but when we went to order our usual Tsingtao they said they had no license for beer sales so I was stuck drinking Diet Coke which I don't care for. Water sucked with the dumplings. Not the same. What happened to the license? Maybe tell people!   It took forever and a day to be seated but I didn't mind until we were basically told to hurry up and order almost immediately after being seated. So rude!   Do not rush me. Ever. I took a subway from Times Square then walked seven blocks to get here. Wtf.  Now let me mention this all was on Christmas Day. This was my Christmas meal! I'm am so upset to be treated this way. Unacceptable.   I had to ask for water twice. Got weird looks from staff. Whatever.   Had to ask for the customary ginger for the dumplings. It was exhausting. They brought the food out in stages. Bring it all out at once please. My complaints go on and on.   The food is good but the new place sucks. Just sayin. Not sure I'll be returning.
1 Good dumplings but is the worst service ever... I would not come back... The food came late, forgot the order... the waiters are clueless
3 I ordered the typical tray of the soup pork dumplings, and the crab soup dumplings. Rule of thumb, orders of these pork dumplings usually take 10-15 to come out in a mildly busy atmosphere. These items came up approximately 2-5 minutes in a busy Sunday night. I'm pretty sure these were prepped and waiting to be served 30 minutes to an hour in advance. The dumplings came out somewhere between cold and mildly warm ruining the experience of having it served with the soup hot in the dumpling and skin barely containing the hot pork and soup bursting out of a bite with vinegar. Also ordered a tofu and Chinese spinach soup and young chow fried rice. The soup was strongly flavored with msg and the young chow fried rice was bland using chicken to substitute the red roast pork which is a very important ingredient in this dish.   There are  plenty of less popular Shanghai restaurants with better quality if you're looking for good Shanghai food in Manhattan Chinatown.
3 Was so excited to try out the famous Joe's Shanghai in Chinatown. They open until 11pm on Sundays and I arrived around 9pm due to a last minute urge for adventure before the work week started again. The wait was long, even though I was one person. They have a strict policy in that your full party must be present before seating as well and keep in mind this is a cash only establishment! Despite those nuances, I really enjoyed my meal. I started with the pork soup dumplings, which were really good and had a rich, thick and slightly salty broth. I had trouble eating them as they were large but thank goodness I didn't get it on my white shirt. Next I got the shredded pork with dried bean curd and jalapeño. The dish was not spicy at all and was not great. I think it could have benefitted from some more sauce but I also don't like my food on the dry side - personal preference. They end off everybody's meal by brining orange slices before the check. I was stuffed and happy with my meal, and all I wanted was a cold beer to be on my way. Unfortunately, they re-opened this new location recently and do not have a liquor license as yet so until then, keep in mind your favorite soft drink preference. Joe's lived up to the hype, I kind of wish I had chosen a different entree. Next time, I'll get the Shanghai noodles.   3 stars for long wait, no liquor license, cash only  establishment, and me entree was not great.
5 Great restaurant, quick service and came close to opening on a weekday so there wasn't a line or wait. Only got the soup dumplings and were so filling and delicious. The broth was flavorful and portions were big. Left happy and full and would come back next time I'm in NYC.
5 Truly the end of an era. This new location is GORGEOUS and brand spanking new. The decor is simple and not overwhelming however I will forever reminisce about their old location filled with photos of famous visitors to the location as well as the fear of being run over by cars navigating down the one way street as we wait for our number to be called. The food here is luckily the same quality as their old location however the speed of the dishes were so slow. We came during an off lunch hour and the restuarant was not at all busy. However each dish took a significant amount of time to arrive at our table.   DIshes we love here: crab and pork dumplings, shanghai thick noodles, string beans, shrimp with meat sauce. You can not go wrong with ANY of these.
4 I have to admit, I came into their newly renovated restaurant without an open mind as had a negative connection with their old place today for lunch. Was very pleasantly surprised with their soup dumplings ( we ordered the crab and pork soup dumpling) as the skin thickness was actually not too thick which was perfect for me. There was a decent amount of soup in each dumpling as l well and the size was pretty generous.   The atmosphere was nice as well as it did not feel too crowded as I am claustrophobic myself so meets my space requirements  We ordered 4 dishes ( including the soup dumplings) and total damage was in the $50s  with tax and tip, which is normal when dining in Manhattan. It will slightly cheaper if you dine in flushing.    Finally the bathroom was clean as well ( cannot say this about all restaurant in Chinatown)   Attached a few pics as well so take your time to have a look   Overall, Definitely a good place to bring your friends to for lunch as food is decent and atmosphere is nice. May come back for a second visit. Also would recommend you    Visit early if you're looking to do lunch. The lines here stack up and the wait can be long if you come at the wrong time.
5 Awesome food! Service was good, polite courteous waited for about 5 minutes.  Very clean restaurant lots of families  Food came fast enjoyed very much
5 too good for words...nothing more to say gotta get back to this good grub just know it's beyond amazing. BEST LOCATION YET!
3 Came here today and it was just alright. Our waiter was speaking to us in multiple languages (english, mandarin and cantonese) a little bit of everything. Which got me confused on what language to respond with. We ordered the cold appetizer, squid which tasted bland as if it was bought from the supermarket in little pouches. We also ordered, 2 orders of crab and pork soup dumplings. In one of the dumplings, it still had pieces of shrimp/crab shell in it. The wrapping was a little thick for my taste. There were a lot of waiters but very unorganized on who takes care of which tables. Decor was nice, clean, bright and new.   The BEST part yet, they automatically charge you "service fee" of 18% even if it was only for 2 people. Is this even appropriate to charge gratuity of 18% without the customer's consent? What if the restaurant didn't deserve that much? Would this consider robbing their customers?
4 Hands down the best soup dumplings but the line was super long and it was too windy to be waiting 60 mins outside for a meal. Total meal cost us about $20 each incld tax and service charge, and we were super full. Good value for money! You need cash though, which in my case was a hassle because my card got locked out when I used the ATM right outside the restaurant. The cashier was flexible and accepted Venmo.
5 The dumplings. Do yourself a service and get one of these. The watery juice inside alone was so surprising and warm. I loved this dish. We got lots of food. Great sit down and communal dinner. They forgot an order we made. The room is really decorative and bright. Nice clean bathrooms.
4 New location, seating is more spacious and comfortable, and food is great as always.  The soup dumplings are amazing of course, and I also got the Szechuan beef.  It's a bit presumptious of them to add an 18% gratuity even for a party of one, but fortunately they do have good service.  Also with the renovations they seem to have the cleanest and most modern restrooms in all of Chinatown.  Bring cash, it's cash only, otherwise I would give it 5 stars and order even more food!
5 Best food ever! REAL AUTHENTIC. Dumplings, fried rice, beef and broccoli we got. Incredible taste. Portions are for a group not for one, unless you're a heavy eater, standard prices. Can't wait to go back.   **UPDATE: new location is incredible. So much better, private tables, open, clean, beautiful!
5 Busy chinese spot in the heart of china town. The soup dumplings are a must try and it takes a bit to figure out how ton eat them but it is worth it! Also had the kung pow chicken and handmade noodles which had a good texture and flavor to them. I ca  see why this place is so highly rated. Great food!!
5 We don't come to NYC without eating here. Simply the best! Get the pork dumplings, Shanghai stir fry, and scallion pancakes.
4 Was recommend to this spot and it was not a let down! Line outside the building for lunch but worth the wait. Very large portions and very tasty food!
3 18% tip automatically added or as they call it, a service charge which is not voluntary the way tip should be.  It's still cash only.  At this new location, the soup dumplings have changed with a thicker skin, less flavorful broth, and less tender filling.  I would rather go to Shanghai Cafe Deluxe, or whatever the new name is, on Mott St.
4 I was in the area for a doctor's appointment and met my mom for lunch here. I haven't eaten in a Joe's Shanghai since my freshman year of college! This new location is much bigger and less crowded than their old location. All orders are taken on iPads and the menus are brand new. Staff are much nicer here as well. I'm not sure if they got new staff or trained the old staff, but everyone was much nicer and more accommodating.  Food is good - but more expensive than some other places in the area, so I'm not sure I would make it my go-to spot for soup dumplings. But I will take visitors here, that's for sure. The new location is very nice.  We split their soup dumplings and I had an order of their fried dumplings. Their soup dumplings come 8 to an order, which is 2 more than I'm used to. They do note this on their menu, but I wasn't really paying attention. I just wanted food! Soup dumplings were very good and soupy! Perfect for a cold winter day.  Knocking a point off because my mom's noodles came so much later than our other food and I was basically done eating by that point.
4 My Girlfriend and I came to NYC for comic con, and as huge foodies, we had to check out Joe's Shanghai after seeing all of its amazing reviews from other Yelpers. It's located in Chinatown, and you do have to explore the area a bit to find it. Stepping into Joe's Shanghai, the interior is very simple and it does not have the greatest ambiance. The utensils also did not seem that clean, and there were some cracks and chips on my plate, but I guess if you're going here, you came for the food.  There are only round tables that seat 8 people and due to their limited space, they will put strangers next to you if your table is not filled.   Fortunately, the servers are very efficient and super quick. We only ordered one item, which was the pork soup dumplings. They came out super hot and were a great value, you get 8 pieces for $8.00 (Cash Only). The soup dumplings tasted just like the authentic ones I had in China. The soup is very flavorful and the dumpling skin is light and delicate.   Overall, if you're in NYC, I would recommend coming to Joe's Shanghai for some authentic Chinese cuisine that doesn't break the bank, and to experience Chinatown.
5 Crispy,  juicy, melt in the mouth. These are not just bedroom terms people. I use them at restaurants also. Go yummy go.
5 This place may be over hyped, and sure, there may be many other places that serve better XLB/soup dumplings, but don't let that steered away! Joe's XLB are widely known for a reason. They're tasty! Richly flavored pork with meaty broth. I'm obsessed with their basic pork XLB, much more than the crab ones. Each order comes with about 8. I could order so many orders and it wouldn't break the bank. This is on my list of cheap eats! We didn't get a chance to try their other dishes, but our fellow guests at the communal table ordered much more than we did and it all looked and smelled fantastic. The communal tables aren't as awkward and uncomfortable as you think. These tables are huge! Everyone minds their own business and you can barely hear others' conversations. The service is so fast, which is great. Their logistics and organisation surprises me. There were no unhappy customers. If you're new to soup dumplings, this is a great place to start. It can get extremely packed, but we came on a Saturday afternoon with no wait. Must've just been lucky!
5 Loved this food and experience. So NY Chinatown! Better food than in Vancouver and Singapore. They don't take reservations. You will probably sit with other customers at a large table. So fun and memorable. Go hungry! Totally reasonable prices. Yummy! Add Joe's Shanghai to your must do list of NYC!
3 Probably had too high expectations based on the great reviews. Unfortunately the soup dumplings here didn't meet my standard.
5 This is the kind place you imagine after reading about books and reviews about visiting "real" New York. While New York may be glamorous, kind of a surreal experience, there is real history here, and that's something you don't find very often in a city riddled with so many options. This is not a place you will regret visiting.   They underwent a recent renovation, but don't expect white table tops and candlelight. Food takes center stage here. It is authentic. That goes for service too. It is quick, efficient, don't mistake that for rudeness. Welcome to New York!  Soup dumplings are the real deal. Scallion pancakes are vehicles of joy. The fried lobster in its saucy glory is a treat. Come with a great appetite and some carefully selected friends. You will be dining very closely to your party, fight for the elbow space! the true New Yorkers know the deal. Eat a tasty satisfying meal in a quick and efficient manner and then on to the next destination.
2 Waited to be seated for forever. Finally after being seated, we were stuck at a table with random people. Then people that were sat after us, were served first. What they don't mention while waiting 40 minutes outside is that they can't serve alcohol.
4 The food was great but the place is quite packed and there's not small between tables. Also, be aware that it's cash only and the sign for this is inside. We only noticed it after we sat down and had even waiting for 20 minutes. I didn't see any sign outside. This was an inconvenience for us because we had to order food within our cash limit. The food was delicious. I would definitely visit the place again.
5 When I tell you...THE WAIT WAS WORTH IT...and I hate waiting. During our visit to New York, I heard so many great things about Joe's Shanghai. I didn't think to believe the hype, but there was a crowd waiting outside. We waited nearly an hour for our table.   When we were finally called, we had to share a table with two other people which wasn't preferred to me but it's New York, and the place was packed. However, we were served pretty quick.   Now the dumplings. I've never had a soup dumpling before..and I'll never find another dumpling as good. I'm not being dramatic, I came back home to find soup dumplings but nothing compared. I dream of them (again not being dramatic.) The dumplings come fresh, they are nice and large and have the most flavorful broth. I ordered the pork and crab meat...yes.
3 The dumplings weren't bad, although the service was not great. We felt rushed to finish and leave. Bathroom was clean.
2 I guess sometimes Yelp ratings can be deceiving, as I had high expectations coming to Joe's Shanghai, and left slightly disappointed. Located off of main roads in Chinatown, it's a small hole in the wall kinda place, surrounded by an abundance of other Asian restaurants. As with most Chinese restaurants across the USA and Canada, you're not really going for the best decor or ambiance, cause you're definitely not going to find it haha.  We ordered a few things to share, including the steamed pork dumplings and the Xi Long Bao (steamed soup dumplings). The steamed pork dumplings, despite being $10, really mimicked the ones you could get in a bulk bag at the grocery store. Served with vinegar, it didn't taste bad, but it definitely wasn't super fresh nor mindblowing. I will admit, the soup dumplings were far better and definitely the redeeming factor. They were massive in size and were piping hot and fresh.   I wouldn't say this restaurant is a huge standout among all the Asian restaurants in NYC, but if you find yourself in the area, the steamed soup dumplings were really tasty and good value!
5 Went today for Joe's shanghai grand reopening. New place is clean and decor is beautiful. When you walk in you will notice the Beautiful carpentry work and lights/lanterns. The new atmosphere is extremely comfortable, it's new joe shanghai atmosphere is perfect. It can cater to if you want to go out on a date, a night out with friends, or a family gathering. Atmosphere and decor is perfect.   Most importantly, the food is amazing! I have yet to find a place that can beat their soup dumplings. (I am a local New Yorker and I've traveled all over the world including shanghai) the dumplings itself always burst with incredible flavors and will leave you craving for more. The scallion pancakes and shanghai fried flat noodles are also the best ever. They also have signature dishes such as pork shoulder, traditional cold dishes, and fish head casserole which are excellent and truly authentic.  Staff and service is always quick and efficient.  Joe's shanghai has been in business since 1994. This place has alot of hype, but best believe the hype is real. If you are a tourist visiting NYC this is a must go to spot, and for all the regular locals, check out the new joe's shanghai in Bowery!
5 Tucked away in a small, unassuming street of NYC in Chinatown is one of the most famous places for a classic Chinese dish called xiaolongbao (dumplings filled with meat and soup). We were a group of 4 visiting the day of thanksgiving but the place was already packed requiring us to wait 15 minutes. There is nothing glamorous about this restaurant. It's somewhat unclean, the interior is super cramped, the lighting is poor, the furniture is old. Yet, you have to come here for the food rather than a fine dining experience. We got both the pork and the crab and pork xiaolongbao as well as the Szechuan style pork and the shrimp and pork with dry bean curd (see pictures). I personally liked the crab meat xiaolongbao the most but the other dishes were very authentic as well. The staff is not the friendliest but their service is good and fast. Be ready to pay about 20 dollars a person minimum if you want to be stuffed with good food!  Overall:  Food: 10/10 Service: 9/10 Environment: 5/10 Price: 7/10  Would I visit again? YES
4 The soup dumplings here are on point. The broth is nice and rich with pork fat. The pork inside the dumplings are decent and the dumpling skin is to chewy. Service is okay. You can't have high expectations for a Chinese restaurant that has high volume of traffic. Definitely, worth a try
2 Food is great but expect not get homey service. Depending on your race you can get treated well or poorly. If you don't order enough food for the table they try to rush you and sometimes the check is given to you at the table without it being completed. It is a get in get out establishment.
5 The best soup dumplings I've ever had! I would def recommend Joe's Shanghai to anyone visiting NY that is looking for a good Chinese spot. The service and the food was awesome!
4 Came here around 1:30 on a random Tuesday for 2 people and still had to wait around 30 mins. There was also a group of 14 that got seated before us, but I wouldnt recommend coming here with a large party during weekends or evenings since seating is very limited. We had to share a table with two other parties of two but its ok, the round table is big enough.  As you can see, I was really bad at taking pictures because I kept eating and forgot to take the pictures when the food came. The fried bean curd came first and was delicious. It is a cold appetizer and it was very flavorful. The scallion pancake wasnt out of the ordinary. The soup dumplings is probably the reason why this place is always packed. My girlfriend taught me to pour the soup out of the dumplings first and I have to say, pretty good idea! The soup fills the spoon perfectly and lets you enjoy the soup by itself. Once the dumplings cool, you can put the whole dumpling soup all in your mouth but be careful! I had an accident where the soup squirted out so do that at your own risk =)
3 I don't get what the deal is :) I couldn't eat the dumplings since there were no non-pork option. So I ordered seafood noodles which the waiter tried to explain to me to get the flat noodles vs. the pan fried noodles. And so I got convinced. Anyway the noodles were fine, nothing spectacular and also at a price point of $17.xx which honestly for the experience of the restaurant is super high.  The place is old and dingy, crowded, you seat communally and the dinnerware is old too. So, why am I supposed to be excited about spending $21.37 on a plate of seafood noodles that aren't super amazing?
1 TOURIST TRAP!!! If you like going to Bubba Gump Shrimp and other tourist traps like that, this place is definitely for you. There's no locals there at all. I'm so pissed I even wasted two hours of my life eating here. The dumplings were not even good, if you have been to DTF, you know what I mean. The bathroom was a nightmare, beyond disgusting.  The dumplings and every single dish we ordered had about a half a gallon of oil in it.  This Joe guy is probably counting his cash and laughing at all you stupid Americans.
4 The soup dumplings were actually the best dumplings I've ever had so i'm kinda sad giving them four stars! Only reason I knocked it to 4 stars is because the Shanghai noodle soup was not as tasty as I was expecting. Was lacking a little flavour. My friends pork fried rice was also good. The serving sizes were very good with cheap prices! It's definitely a popular place to eat as there were multiple groups lining up at the door waiting to be seated. If you are in a group of two don't be surprised if you're seated at a table with another couple! We went on a Friday and it got really busy around 6pm, I would recommend getting there at at least 5:30pm if you want to be seated straight away. Definitely worth the visit!
5 Best soup dumplings in all NYC. Can't rate the rest of their food because that's all we have when we go
4 Very good. I had soup dumplings and they were great! Expect to wait 20+ minutes as they don't take reservations. They also only accept cash.
4 Came here on a Tuesday night and waited about 30 minutes. Be aware that this is a communal style seating arrangement- we were seated at a table for 6 with strangers, which was strange at first but we quickly got over it.   We ordered the pork soup dumplings, and the chicken stir fry noodles. Although the soup dumplings were good, but I hate to say they didn't live up to the hype for me. I've had better soup dumplings in the city. The noodles were pretty standard and nothing special.   Worth a try, but nothing remarkable in my opinion.
5 All I can say is amazing! The dumplings are delicious and affordable. I recommend the soup dumplings and best food on the menu
4 We ordered the pork soup dumpling and the crab meat w/pork soup dumpling. Definitely one of our go-to's when in New York, always busy and crowded, but hits the spot every time. They will be moving locations on December 1! If you don't see it, don't be alarmed, they just moved a few blocks down to a bigger building to accommodate more guests.
5 General Tsao's chicken is delicious! Soup dumplings - Yum. Service is great. Must eat while in the city.
3 It was all hype for us.  Place was very crowded, outdated and the bathrooms were disgusting. The food was just okay, honestly the reviews on this place set my expectations a little too high which is probably why I was so disappointed.  Cash only
5 Awesome place if you are craving dumplings. There were a lot of people when I was there. Place is not too big. The staff was kind and attentive. Bit loud there but the food was good. Luckily the dumplings were filled and big, not little filling with too much flour. I dislike dumplings like that. I don't like how the table needs to be shared with others. Wish there were separate tables.
4 I'm having a craving with soup dumplings. This is the place! Last time I was here, I think the rating was E? LOL. Still, there's a line.
4 Holy cow, this place is madness!   It's a relatively small spot and it seemed that literally all of Manhattan (myself included) required soup dumplings on a Saturday afternoon. Shoe up and get a number - you'll probably be seated with other groups if your party is less than 6. They also won't even talk to you unless your whole group is there and yes, they make you prove it. They turn tables like the place is on fire!  Inside is hot, chaotic and incredibly noisy. Settle in and order away - but know that things here are large so maybe order a little less. Of course, I didn't realize that and had way too much in front of me! Their soup dumplings were excellent - an order will definitely fill a person up because they're big, plump and filled with scalding broth. I had pork dumplings as well which were plenty good but definitely focus on the soup dumplings.   Reasonable prices, super fast service and a definite Chinatown experience.
4 The soup dumplings and wonton soup are absolutely delicious!  We also ordered General Tsos Chicken was good but a bit on the pricey side compared to the other dishes.  Ordered some beef chow fun which was really good too!  BEWARE:  Cash only.  The place is crowded, you will more than likely have to wait for a table (outside) and may have to share a table.  Also, don't be offended if your server is rude or impersonal.  Lol
1 Thus far, this has to be the most disappointing meal I have had in NYC. For the number of positive reviews I have seen on this place and the number of news article written, I have to say I am not a fan.   After waiting for over 1 hour in 35 degree weather, we were put together with another family and was forced to share a single table.   Can't say I am accustomed to that but what really bothered me was the quality of the food.  We ordered some mapo tofu.... it did not taste like mapo tofu at all! It was blend, and was not a tad bit spicy. We also ordered a crispy duck.... and it was way too salty and the duck was dry.  Their xiao long bao "soup dumpling" was ok. I've had better.   Long story short, I was not at all impressed.... and if asked if I would go back.... that would be a no.  There are plenty of people that will like this place because they have not had better food but unfortunately I have.
4 Great food and service from dumplings to entries. The only thing is braving the long lines, but worth it!
5 Love this place!!! Best pork soup dumplings ever!!! So happy every time I go. It never gets old and it is always the best!
3 Came here on a Saturday for dinner and was told the wait time was 45min. We walked around Chinatown and amazingly, it was 45min right on the nose! We were taken to the back of the restaurant and the 3 of us were seated at a table set for a dozen. It was super cramped. We ordered the pork and shrimp soup dumplings, which were huge and delish! We also got a stir fry seafood noodle dish, which was a bit on the greasy side. The flavors were excellent, but due to the how hectic it was, the cramped nature of the restaurant, and the craze of dishes being spun on the lazy susan to your party's location, I would give this place 3 stars. It's also cash-only!
5 Bueno bonito y barato! Absolutely the best soup dumplings eva! Community tables, crowded even at 3pm but wait time was 15 mins. Definitely coming back and next tine ordering more!!
4 My friend had this place on the list to check out , so we came and had to see what the hype was about! There was a line , but it wasn't that bad. You just grab a number and chill in the area!  We got inside , it was packed and we were bunch with different groups of people in one table. I didn't have any issues with that , cause I came to see what all the noise was about! Prior to this we had already ate a bit , but we wanted to see what's so good about the xialongbao. We ordered xiaolongbao and another plate of noods. Honestly both plates were really good , I can see why people are making noise about xialongbao, It was very very juicy. Prob the most juiciest I've ever seen from a xiaolongbao! I personally really wouldn't wait in a line again for this place , just cause I'm not a super huge fan of xialongbaos. Overall experience was pretty cool though!  *Be aware , if there is a line you might be seated with another group.
5 Absolutely loved this place! We were in town as tourists and our friend who lived in the city told me of this place. Most amazing food and great dumplings!! The wait is worth it!
3 They will charge you 15% service fee for any party size whether you like their service or not. Their service is actually really bad hence three stars. Their dumpling it is great. That is a fact. Service is terrible is also a fact.
5 The best soup dumplings I've ever had!!! We also ordered fried dumplings/potstickers, crispy seafood noodles, fried rice, general tso chicken. Everything was delicious. Even the hot chili sauce they keep on the tables. Make sure to bring cash, it's cash only.
5 Hard to order, but once you get a hang of it, food is really good! Be sure to order the dumpling soup. Couldn't understand what the waiter was asking me, but got help from others at the table. Good food and a good friendly time.
4 The soup dumplings were amazing! I will definitely go back again. Everything on the menu is so authentic and comes out so quickly. Worth the wait... even if we waited for 30 minutes.
5 Omg the best Chinese food. I love their dumplings and orange chicken. The orange chicken has a bit off spice but it's delicious   Tip: they only take cash, there is an ATM at the door
4 long wait but definitely worth it  The soup dumplings are sooo good and the fried rice is too ! Definitely recommend those 2 things ! When we went me and my friend got seated next to 3 other people and it was really cool we got to meet new people  The only thing I didn't like how they rush you at the end but overall It was a good experience and good food
5 **CASH ONLY **  They have an ATM at the entrance if you need cash tho.   I really wanted to be critical, thinking this place might just be overrated and a tourist trap of some sort but right when I bit into that crab pork soup dumpling, I was in heaven. They make their dumplings with love, and I fell in it.  The soup is so flavorful and is a little thicker than what I expected. Tasted more like chicken broth, quite oily as well. But sooo worth it!  The dumplings costs around $10.  They're not stingy with the crab either but be careful when eating this because there might be some shell still in the meat mixture. I crunched on a few. The dumplings of course come with the vinegar soy sauce and ginger as well as chili sauce which had a sour taste to me.   We also ordered the pan fried noodles. Light and airy noodles that pop in your mouth with that perfect crunch topped with the thick gravy sauce packed with napa cabbage, your choice of meat, and bean spouts.   That being said, the line isn't really worth the wait. We came around on a weekday 1.5 hr before closing so we didn't have a wait. We enjoyed our experience so we returned on a saturday late afternoon only to realize there was a huge line waiting. We ordered to-go and had a picnic at the park nearby.   The feel i got from the restaurant was authentic and you know they're working hard when they're eating from small plates from the kitchen at the front desk while helping customers at the same time.   This place isn't the best for cleanliness but the food we ate here was bomb! This location is hidden in an alley in Chinatown.
5 Highly recommend trying their soup dumplings. Definitely some of the best I've had, better than Din Tai Fung in my opinion. Cash only and gratuity was included in the bill.   I can see how this place can get busy so avoid coming during peak meal times. They seat you wherever there's an available seat so you'll most likely share the table with other guests. The service is fast and I can see how it can be a bit intimidating if you don't speak Chinese. Don't get offended if they seem curt or unwelcoming!  As we were looking through the menu, they waiter came by and asked if we were going to order the soup dumplings and he could put that in first while we kept browsing.   The pork soup dumplings (8 pieces) are huge! And there's so much fatty, savory soup inside. If this is your first time eating soup dumplings, DO NOT just take a bite out of the dumpling. The soup inside the dumplings is meant to be drained/drank first. I felt that the skin was a little too thick. But it did help prevent the dumpling from breaking easily and losing all the soup inside.   Wish we got more orders but we wanted to try soup dumplings from other restaurants in the area.
5 Legit Chinese food in a hole-in-the-wall in Chinatown NYC. Seriously great authentic food. Totally packed restaurant. Cash ONLY!! We sat at a communal table with people that didn't speak English but ordered a ton of food and seemed to really enjoy it, including slurping the soup, lol. Roasted beet dumplings were good, the potstickers were good, the house chicken and rice noodles soup was amazing!
3 3.5 stars  Bf and I have tried many different dumpling spots and were excited to try Joe's as we've heard many great things. The restaurant is located in an alley of CT. The tables are communal, meaning you will share a table with strangers whether you like it or not (if your party is big enough, I suppose you may not have to deal with this). Inside is a little run-down and dingy, but expected (still seemed OK to me).  We tried the crab and pork XLB, pork XLB, potstickers, and the fried rice. Love the size, juiciness and soupiness of the XLB. However I was not too drawn to the taste of the dumplings. I probably liked the pork more than the crab + pork combo, but I still think I have had tastier ones. Skin was not too thin or thick imo. I was able to use my chopsticks to pick up the dumplings with ease, no leaking. I appreciate the sizable portions--the dumplings are probably twice the size of standard XLB. I was extremely full by the end of the meal. I don't remember anything too special about the potstickers, but I really liked the fried rice. The fried rice was well-seasoned and the rice was nice and firm with a ton of egg.  Overall a pretty OK experience. There are a ton of people dining in, so expect a wait. But still a good place to try at least once if you're visiting.
5 I always go to Joe's for soup dumplings whenever I'm in the area! They really are as good as everyone says.   Been coming here for many years now, and I've learned to always try to avoid peak meal times, since this place can get really packed and wait times can easily be over an hour. Service is very fast, however, and the food always comes out piping hot. So, if you're ordering soup dumplings, yes, they are absolutely delicious, but wait a few minutes before diving in.   It's also worth noting that while the soup dumplings are amazing, Joe's has an extensive menu with a lot of other great offerings! Another one of my favorite dishes is the pan fried noodles. They hold their crunch and the sauce is to die for!
4 Here's the thing. People go to Joe's to try soup dumplings, because most places in the country don't have them. And they are delicious. They are also made with lava inside, so punch a hole in them or take a little bit to let them cool, lest you set your facehole on fire and lose the ability to taste anything else. And you should taste other things, too, because Joe's has so much more than soup dumplings. Fried rice cakes with shrimp is another thing. Cold sesame noodles. Fried pork dumplings. About 170 other dishes. Here is my one issue with the place. It is really popular, and as such, they can pull off communal seating and a really weird scheme for seating you and your group. My group of 4 waited about 15 minutes when we were called. Then, we were put inside in on-deck-circle, waiting in a totally in the way area for another 10 minutes, waiting for space to open up. We spent that time getting closer and closer to one another as people came up to the register for one reason or another, even though the wait staff will take your money at the table. Whatever. This would not work in a place less amazing. It's worth it.
5 Walking hangry around chinatown i stumbled upon this hidden gem and from that time i dream of their soup dumplings which are by far the best i had
4 This is a very popular spot in Chinatown and it definitely lives up to its reputation! The food is so good. I got pork soup dumplings, lo mein, Kung pao chicken, and scallion pancakes. Everything was delicious! It's traditional Chinese seating, so you may have to sit with people who you don't know at the same table. One downside is the bathroom's cleanliness, sanitary standards should never be compromised.
3 The food was good. The service was rushed. Exactly as expected for a Landmark establishment of this caliber.
3 Come here for the soup dumplings, but nothing else! The soup dumplings are great but the other dishes are inauthentic and taste more like americanized asian food than Shanghai cuisine. Furthermore, this is a very touristy restaurant; expect to wait at least half an hour during peak times. That being said, the second time I came we got a fried bean curd dish that was a seasonal special at the time and actually very tasty!
5 Please get the soup dumplings! Never would I have thought shrimp and pork would mix, but boy oh boy was I missing out! Make sure to poke a whole and let the steam out before biting into them, or you'll be in for a hot surprise ;-)   Also tried their fish and dry noodles (forgot to snap a pic) and they were both delicious! If you're in the area make sure to stop by!
4 Line was really long and it was super crowded inside but we went on a Saturday afternoon and waited for an hour for 2 people. The dumplings were pretty good but I don't know if the skin was too sticky or the steamer wasn't big enough, the skin kept breaking and the soup kept leaking out. The soup was delicious though, super rich in pork flavor and the meat wasn't too salty at all. Skin wasn't too thick which I like a lot. Tempted to try other things but only if the line isn't too long.
2 This place fell off. The first time I came here 3 years ago, I ordered the the dry sauté beef with carrots and it was amazing, the dried beef was crispy salty and flavorful. Order it again today and it was very disappointing. Nothing was fried or dry about it. It was soggy and had no flavor and they added celery? When asked if this was the correct dish, the waiter hastily said yes and ran off without asking what our concern was.
3 Went the first time and thought it was great. However going the second time it was super bland. They messed up on one of my soups which is not a problem, however, they didn't take it to well when I told them about correcting their mistake. I personally don't take it personal and even liked the gritty ness of the 'unique' customer service. It gives it the fun NYC Chinatown experience haha. If I base it off the first time experience it's 4 to 5 stars but if it was the second time it would be a pure zero for lack of taste.
3 Disclaimer!!!!!! You will sit at a table with strangers!!! You are lucky if you get a table with just your party. We were not aware of this and skipped all the reviews that said this. Worth the hype? I mean they were good but not worth the wait, poor service and sitting with strangers. Our table was full of lovely people but I felt like I was intruding in their space. The waiters kept reaching over and in between while we were eating. They also charge you an automatic a 15% tip for them giving you the menu and not refilling your water. Tip: Don't come hungry, came Saturday evening around 545, didn't sit till 7. Everyone came rolling in after that, it was crowded. Go inside to get a number, there is no line, claim your spot.
4 I've already written about the wonders of Joe's shanghai previously. I stand by what I said before - come here for the pork xiao long baos. I'm not sure I would order the other things. My co-worker got an order of their sesame chicken which was deep fried and then covered with a sugary syrup sauce. It tasted good -- hard to mess up fried foods with sugar though :P   Be careful of the long wait. Even on a weekday at 3pm, we had to wait 30 minutes. X_X
5 We love Joe's, if for no other reason than the Pork Soup Dumplings.  The rest of the food is good, too, but the dumplings are just amazing.  Frankly, you should just go and eat dumplings until you explode.  :)
4 This place is definitely a hole in the wall type joint. The Shanghai dumplings here are so good and cheap! In my opinion they are better than Din Thai Fungs which are a lot smaller and more expensive. Highly recommended if you're in the area (Chinatown) and are craving Shanghai dumplings. I got all of the Shanghai dumplings and they're all good. I love their soy sauce because its has some sort of vinegar already in it which gives the dumplings extra added flavor!  Tip: Cash Only!!
3 Tried this place because of the reviews. It was okay. Nothing so would come back for again though. Expect that they will seat you on a table with other people no matter how small your party is and there are smaller tables open. We were told they always full the bigger tables...   The food was okay. If I was to recommend anything it would the the crab and pork dumpling soup. Everything else was ‍
5 Husband came here for lunch and their pork soup dumplings are very good.  Their shanghai soup was okay.  We would definitely come here just for the soup dumplings.  The regular dumplings looked good too.
5 YESSSS!! this place is all it's cracked up to be! Our hotel bartender recommended it and wow! I would stick to the dumplings which are out of this world and the best soup dumplings I've tried; the fried dumplings are also delicious and the standard dishes such as fried rice and chicken dishes.   BRING CASH!!!
4 Do I even have to review this place? There's already so many... I've been here probably 5-8 times and every experience has been similar so I guess I owe a review. You're always going to wait to get in because it's so poppin' (and worth it). You can get seated right away IF you get there right when it opens. Because of the amount of space available and popularity of the place, you'll most likely be seated at community tables with other guests, which is cool. If you're lucky, you'll get one of the smaller tables to yourself and your peoples.  I would say that the service could be better because they seem to rush everything and try to get everyone in/out ASAP that they forget to be more accommodating. But, food comes out quick! Must order: Soup dumplings! I wish they had veggie soup dumplings available. I've tried multiple noodle dishes, and none have disappointed. I'm just going to say that you won't go wrong with any dish you order.
5 Awesome soup dumplings. They were big and really cheap! We also tried fried rice and husband got a chicken dish. Everything was great but such big portions. It was kind of nice though because we ate our leftovers when we got back to our hotel.
1 It would be better if the food could be more fresh!!! Really not as good as expected! Long queue waiting for disappointment!
2 We Waited for 1 hour to get a seat, but what we ended up with having is a table shared with another two customers. It is a bit awkward and unpleasant after the long wait.  We ordered the fish on top of the recommendation list, but the fish is not fresh at all.  I don't really recommend this restaurant, and the only reason it is popular could be that nonChinese people like it, but it is not really good Chinese food.
3 Longstanding Chinese restaurant doling out favorites in a cafeteria-like atmosphere. Saturday afternoon, was able to get a seat at a large communal table without any wait.   Most of the main dishes are on the expensive side as they are family-style. Since I didn't have a family with me, I opted instead for the Spring Roll ($2.75) and the Pork Soup Dumplings ($8). While waiting, you are served green tea that's piping hot and good for the stomach. Spring roll is served with a side of soy sauce and stuffed with shrimp and pork. Found it to be overly greasy and not well balanced. The flavor of the shrimp was the saving grace. Soup dumplings come shortly after, several steamed pieces served with soy sauce and ginger. Again, flavor is a little dull - could have used some more spices for the added kick. Towards the last few the dumplings got much colder, so didn't finish the last two.  Servers come around often to make sure they get people in and out quickly. Not a fan of the automatic gratuity to go along with cash-only policies (especially since the main courses are more expensive).
3 This place is okay. It's definitely not the best I ever had, and I would definitely not wait more than 10-15 minutes to eat here.  Thankfully, while the lines are usually pretty long, but we got in after about a 5 minute wait since we came in at 9pm on a rainy Monday. They seat everyone at a communal table (fine by me), and you sort of get your own little section to order and eat.  We got the normal xlb and a crab + pork xlb. We also got a Shanghai Noodle. Honestly, the Shanghai Noodle was the best, followed by Crab xlb, then Pork xlb.   The xlb tasted sort of old and reheated; the skin was a little hard at the top and bloated at the bottom. It sort of felt mass produced, lacking any sort of care into actually doing it right. Perhaps on a less busy day or years ago before they got really popular, I could imagine it being way better, but I'd be astonished if they were really the best xlb in the city.  I mean, I didn't really expect it to be the best; but I still thought it would be good. It's pretty lackluster and if I had any more time in the city I'm sure I could find a better place. At least the prices haven't grown with the popularity, so there is a silver lining in all this!
2 Honestly I was pretty underwhelmed. Maybe it's because I've been spoiled living in SF and Seattle, but at the end of the day I wasn't that impressed. Also, the large communal tables with a ton of randos just wasn't my jam. Oh well!
5 Amazing dumplings - both pork and crab+pork! Succulent beef+broccoli, awesome noodle soup - best we've had in years!
4 A friend recommended this place and it was wonderful. The dumplings were amazing, I can't get over how good they were. We split a number of items between the group and it was soooo good with one exception. The calamari was a bit bland, I generally love calamari but didn't every this. Everything else was delicious.
5 A whole new experience, not fancy nothing that you will expect. Totally a place to go!
4 We tried this place and it was decent. Din tai fung is much better. I don't believe New York has one so this place will have to do.
1 I was disappointed from beginning to end.  We traveled all the way from Florida to get their famous soup dumplings.  It was my husband first time in NYC and would be his first time trying soup dumpling.  I wanted this experience to be a good one for him since I've had soup dumplings before and from Joe's Shanghai. And it's was great then.    When we got to the restaurant, the hostess was plenty rude.  We understand there is a long wait and was ok with that.  We place our name on the list and we proceed to sit on the bench that was empty and available inside the restaurant.  I was told to get up and wasn't allow when asked why, the hostess said it's for the people that are ahead of us and they are waiting onside so we would have to wait outside too because it's unfair to those that are here before us.  I didn't understand the concept.  I asked if they knew that these seats were available, she said yes.  Because the people ahead of me chooses to wait outside, why do I have to wait outside especially I was 6 months pregnant and it's hard for me to be on my feet for a long time.  She basically told we had to wait outside while the bench is not being used.  It was plain stupid and unreasonable but did not want to argue any further so we waited outside standing in the hot summer heat.    We finally got seated after 30 mins.  At this point I was tired, hot, hungry, thirsty and upset so I just want to get our drinks and food.  We ordered two ice waters and the water was warm, they didn't put enough ice so ice were melted by the time it reach our table.  The soup dumplings taste terrible and fishy.  We got the pork and crab dumplings.  Can't even taste the filling inside.  It's was mush and didn't taste right at all.  There were 6-8 dumplings in an order, we couldn't even finish it.  We probably had two each.  We didn't order anything else after that.  Just paid for our bills and left.  Never coming back here again.
4 *CASH ONLY; 15% TIP INCLUDED IN BILL*  This place has the best soup dumplings in the city! My boyfriend and I waited around 25 minutes to be seated which was expected on a Sunday evening. Here's how the process works: You get a number from the lady in the front and once when you're called, you wait inside for few more minutes. Because we were only a party of two, we sat with other diners which wasn't necessarily uncomfortable but space was very tight.  Here's what we ordered:  -Pork Meat Soup Dumplings (Ordered 2 of these) -Shanghai Noodles  Everything was so good! Soup dumplings were full of flavor so we had to order one more! Shanghai noodles were delicious as well--not bland nor salty.   Service was fast. Even though it was extremely busy, food came out fairly quickly. People working there aren't the nicest people you'll encounter, but they are serious and gets their job done.    After tax and tip, total came out to be $30 for the three items we ordered which wasn't bad at all! Will definitely return!
5 We were sat with a different group, they try to fit as many people as possible in there. But the food was delicious! Best dumplings I've had. The portions are good sized, we got full fast. It's a cash only place so be prepared. I would recommend here for sure. We originally went because we thought it would have dim sum- it does not. But we still enjoyed it there anyways!
5 This place was legit old school chinese restaurant.  Located in a seedy wet alley looking street which seems as if one will be getting into a kung fu fight coming out of the restaurant just as on the old kung fu movies.   I had the Shanghai noodles and pork dumplings...ate the entire plate of noodles and about 6 dumplings.  So delicious.   Authentic chinese cuisine.
5 Always amazing. Always a long wait but worth it. The food is amazing and authentic. The staff is very friendly as well. We come here from Westchester at least three times a year.
5 By far best Chinese cuisine in China Town! If you are looking for out this world authentic Chinese this is that place. It's a must visit every time we are in the area!
3 I've been wanting to try this place for years and was able to get dinner with my family when we were all in NYC for the weekend. Even at 10 PM on Saturday night there very packed. We had to wait for a table for 6 of us. They have communal tables mostly so be prepared to sit and eat with strangers if you have a small group.   Of course our waiter was rude. We were seated at 1015 PM and told us to hurry and order before the kitchen closes. So my family scrambles to order soup dumplings, shrimp fried rice, beef crispy noodles, and crispy duck. Soup dumplings are what they known for and it's good but not that good to put up with bad service. The beef crispy noodles were so salty. The crispy duck and fried rice were good though. It's nice that they give you oranges for dessert at the end. I was not a fan of their pricing either... charging almost $18 for sesame chicken. I'm glad I got to try it but I won't be back.   Beware... cash only.
5 Delicious. This is authentic Chinese food like no other. A must try are the combination dumplings!!!!!!!!!!!! The sesame chicken and pepper fried shrimp were so good as well. This must be on the to do food list. You can't taste this just anywhere.
5 It definitely lives up to its reputation! Hands down the best dumplings I ever had. The pork dumplings with soup inside were incredible. The fried rice dishes are also very good. Bring cash, no cards accepted.
4 I dream about these soup dumplings. Fantastic food, but be prepared to wait since they do not take reservations here. Also, it is cash only! We were seated at a communal table with one other group of five, and it was fine. It does not take away from the experience. The food comes quickly, is hot, and delicious!
3 BEWARE... Tourist Trap!! Excited to try NYC's famous Xiaolongbao's, I went straight towards the place with the most reviews. Deep in Chinatown, I was confident this place would deliver. But when I looked around inside, there was not a single local. The xiaolongbaos were large, much bigger than the ones from Din Tai Fung. The wrapper was also noticeably thicker. The dumplings were decent but definitely not worth the hype. The leek pancakes on the hand were surprisingly good. They weren't particularly special, but they did taste better than the dumplings. Try another place for  xiaolongbaos!!!
5 this place lives up to the hype! it's a small place, you may even walk by it, but don't!   We waited about 30 minutes for a table, which on a saturday at 1pm was expected. Once our name was called we were taken to a big round table which we shared with 10 other people. So, don't expect to have a table all to yourself, as most the tables in here are like that, just a heads up.   THE FOOD: fried pork dumplings - huge dumplings and super yummy, I was really pleased with these. nice crunch on the outside and the filling as perfectly seasoned.  Soup dumplings - probably some of the best I've had! Served steaming hot and none of them broken, which was so nice given that's an easy thing to do Sesame Chicken - served with steamed broccoli, the chicken was obviously fresh and the sauce was sweet but not overly so Crispy pan fried noodles with chicken - so we expected this to be a 'dry noodle' dish, like wok seared, but it was a nest of noodles that were deep fried which was SO fun. The basket of noodles was the vessel for wok-ed chicken, broccoli, baby corn, jicama and carrots and as the sauce sat in the bottom the noodles got softer so there was a fun crispy/soft texture going on. we really enjoyed this   We didnt get dessert cuz we were full, so note that the dishes are HUGE and meant to be shared. If we had each ordered a protein and a side we would have been taking most of it home.
3 Been meaning to come to this place for a fee years now; found it today with no wait so, we tried it out. Went to try their soup dumpling which has been all the rave but quite honestly, it was ok. Underwhelming if you ask me. I had the pork soup dumpling while they are a decent size, the meat is not seasoned. Also ordered kung pow chicken which was good. Didnt go crazy ordering other items as this was to try out only.   In my opinion, the wait lines are just hype, not sure who made this place as popular as it is but it didnt meet my expectations.  Couple of things that we noticed; the person who wiped the table used a smelly towel, like the ones that sit wet for days if you know what I mean. The mens bathroom was awful. At least make it look clean, it wasn't as busy as I usually see it. Not sure I'll be back to this location,  maybe will try flushing location or go elsewhere.
4 It was an experience. There was a serious wait but worth it. Only have them a 4 because the knocked over my saki and didn't even try to replace it !?!?? Who does that ?
5 This was the best food I've had for as long as I can remember. The fact that it had a "cash only" sign on the front door was the first sign this would be a solid place for dinner. We got seated at a table with a bunch of strangers, ordered some dumplings and noodles, and I've seriously never had better dumplings. Ever. Everyone was eating them. The other couple at our table had a tower of them. They were quick, efficient. What a gem of a place!
4 The reviews are true. It is good, I had the spicy beef specialty and a soup dumpling. It's pricey but they are shareable for two
5 Awesome authentic spot with pleasantly grumpy waitors and delicious food, we "only" had to wait 35 mins for our table. So glad we did, warmly recommend this place!
5 Very busy but not a long wait. Family style seating if your a couple of two. Dumplings and stuff ordered by a friend. I will report soon. Some kind of pancake.. lol it's GOOD.  Dumblings are very hot( temperature) but GOOD!  Walk over or Uber. Definitely a stop if you are in NYC.
1 Mediocre food really. I've had better xiao long bao. Don't know what the hype was about lol.
5 The food was amazing and came out relatively fast. The xiao long baos were so flavorful and soft; by far the best soup dumplings I tried!! Although we were seated in a big round table full of strangers it was fine since the food was that good!
5 Supposedly, they are moving to a bigger location at the end of the year. They definitely need a bigger location because this place is always packed. We usually have to wait a bit every time we eat at Joe's Shanghai. It has been a while since both of us have a table to ourselves. We always share a table with other groups. I am not sure if the place is really a tourist trap but we actually enjoyed the food there, but I don't know if the wait is really worth it sometimes. But the service is great, the food comes out quick.   We always get a plate of Xiao Long Bao, the original pork one. We didn't like the crab one when we first tried it. Then we get the smoked fish. That dish is the bomb. We love fish. The smoked fish is very flavorful, we just wish they give more pieces. Then we would get a Peking Style Minced Pork Noodle, it is spicy but it is good spicy. That is just a good combination with the smoked fish because the smoked fish is kind of sweet. We have yet to explore outside of the 3 dishes we always get.
1 You'll want to look elsewhere. Food below par. Pork dumplings smelled and tasted like canned dog food. Actually that does a disservice to dog food. Don't bother asking about minor changes or substitutions. Customer service seems to be a foreign concept. Cash only joint. 15% gratuity automatically added to bill and it shows in the crappy service and attitudes.
4 Joe's Shanghai is well known in Chinatown amongst both tourists and locals. Although I wouldn't say it is the best place to get soup dumplings or other Shanghainese dishes, it is a sort of right of passage in New York Chinese cuisine.   Expect a wait, especially on weekends and for large parties as Joes does not take reservations. There's always a wait outside spilling into the street(we had a 30-45 wait for a party of 2 on a Saturday evening) and inside the restaurant is bustling and filled to capacity. Unless you are with a large group, you will likely be seated at a table with other diners. Although some might find the restaurant's tight space and shared tables uncomfortable, I enjoyed the energy, seeing what others were ordering, and chatting with other diners.   If you're a tourist visiting Joe's, pay attention!! For the best experience, order items for your party to share. Guests are served tea with their meal so drinks are not required. Joe's is especially well known for their Xiao long bao (soup dumplings) and I would say it's a must. Both the pork and crab soup dumplings are good, but I love the crab soup dumplings. DO NOT waste your visit by ordering the typical American Chinese dishes you're used to ordering at your local Chinese takeout spot (General tso's, Kung pao chicken,Sesame Chicken etc. Two other parties at my table did this and I was crying inside). Some tasty dishes that I recommend if you're new to Chinese food are Szechuan Beef Tendon Noodle Soup,  Shanghai Fried Rice, and Sautéed String Beans. From my experience the spice in dishes is toned down, even dishes marked as spicy are not too spicy. For those that want a bit more heat, there is also table chili oil (also pretty mild lol) to kick it up a bit. The meal is finished with complimentary orange slices, yum!  TL;DR expect a wait, order the soup dumplings, skip the American Chinese stuff you're used to, try something new.
2 Food was mediocre at best. Everything we ordered was greasy (crab and pork soup dumplings and the worst string beans I've ever had). Shanghai noodles were the only decent thing we had. Don't waste your time at this tourist trap.
1 I do not understand the positive reviews. The food has no flavor, including the soup dumplings. Bland food, poor customer service (had to ask 3 times for water to go with our meal). They serve a pot of tea that is so hot it cannot be drank until long after the meal is over. The waiters could not care less about how they treat their customers because they add 15% gratuity to all orders.  The entire experience was a waste of time and money.
4 It's funny, I can't even remember what movie I was watching yesterday, but one of the very first scenes, Joe's popped up on a driveby.  And mind you, the movie was filmed in the early 90's.  So, even back then, this place was prevalent.  Honestly, with how busy this place is, I am shocked there isn't more than 10-15K Yelp reviews.  With that being said, I went on a trip to NY a few months ago with my friends from the Bay.  I wanted to show them what was up with the food scene in NYC.  After gorging on all sorts of stuff, We managed to fit Joe's in on a Saturday night, before they closed.  This place sits in an alley, which, at first glance, it looks terrifying.  Don't worry, the locals just hang out on the street smoking weed (the young ones), and the older ones playing games and singing passing around a bottle of vodka.  With that being said, I didn't feel threatened.  While you wait (which, I would presume 90% of the time there is one), you get a raffle ticket- that is their queue system.  The place is small, so, your best bet is to hang out on the street and soak up the aromas of New Orleans-esque odors (aka sewage).  You may even catch a kitchen staff member or two just sitting outside chillin.    They keep saying this place is cash only (they have an ATM, so do places down the street if you need one)- however, they may have upped their game.  Needless to say, the whole visit was confusing (and I was sober too), so, bring enough cash (or a loaded debit card) to be safe.    There were 5 of us, and it looked like we shared a table.  I swear, if they could fit 8 at our table, they would.  With that being said, this place is very, intimate.  One of my buddies is even taller than me, and I was cramped- so I could only imagine how it felt for him.  I ordered the XLB via seafood and meat, along with the potstickers.  Also, had water and tea to drink (fyi, the tea seemed easier to get than the water...).    Honestly, I wasn't too impressed with the seafood XLB, and it had an off yellow color, like bile- don't spill it on your clothes unless you want to look like a rabies bite victim.  Aside from the looks of the liquid, it just seemed underwhelming.  Mind you though, this place was bringing orders of XLBs out like Katz's slings pastrami sandwiches.  They must have a crew to just make those.  The potstickers were ok, I liked the texture, but the flavor was underwhelming as well.  Maybe that is the way it is supposed to be... But those were probably my favorite items I tried.  When we got our check, we got orange slices- the healthiest thing I ate all day.  I was glad I got to try it for the experience, I will def have to check out the one in Flushing now, but, I can't go with another group that big, I almost got stuck at the table.  Oh yea, and if you are a germophobe- steer clear of this place, just saying...
5 There's a bit of a wait but that's how you know it's good. You sit communal style in a large round table. Met other tourists so it was not awkward. The pork soup dumplings are a must! The Shanghai Noodles were delicious. It did not disappoint and would definitely come back when in New York
5 This place goes without saying is perfect. Line is long during rush hours and they don't take reservation but it's worth every minute of waiting. Coming from Shanghai, I think the food is authentic. Took my relative there too when she visited - and she loved it. Highly recommend.
5 We waited an hour for a table (community seating) on a Friday at 9:00 PM. We weren't expecting such a huge crowd but people kept on arriving by taxi, by Uber, and by foot.   My guy had never had soup dumplings so he was very surprised at how tasty they were. I think he would have been happier eating them as a meal instead of just a late night snack after drinking cuz he definitely wanted more.   Be ready to order fast. The workers don't like to wait so make sure you look at the menu while waiting so you're ready to order immediately.
4 Fast place with food dumplings.  The rest of the mood is okay.  This location is far better than the midtown location.
5 Wow, this place is quite the attention getter. My bf and I waited about 20 minutes to get seated? We walked around China town while waiting so it wasn't so bad. We sat family style with other people but on our own separate tab. Kind of crammed but it's okay. Anything to get seated fast and food in our belly!  We ordered the regular pork XLB, crab/pork XLB, and their crispy noodles w/ beef.  The crab/pork XLB was so so so good & flavorful!! Also, the crispy noodles were diffferent than we ever had. We didn't really eat much of it because we got full since the XLBs were so big. The price to portion ratio was so worth it & so affordable I think.  What changed the game to us was later in the evening when we ate our crispy noodle leftover, all the juices had soaked up and man ..... it was sooooo good. I enjoyed it that way better than fresh & crispy! It's because their noodles are like poofed rice noodles. I can't explain it but the texture and taste was a 10/10. I'd come back when in NY!! I think they are moving locations soon???
4 Joe's Shanghai was recommended to me for their soup dumplings and it was definitely popular! I got there at around 5-6pm on a Friday night and it was reaaaaallly crowded! There was a super long line but I want to say smaller groups might get seated quicker.  There isn't much space for waiting in the restaurant so you'll be standing outside, there are a few chairs outside of the restaurant but usually taken. Once your number is called, you go inside and wait for a few more minutes.  I was seated at a large table along with other small groups of people, I'm sure many other tables in the restaurant are shared this way as well. Space is very tight so make sure you don't have too much on you!!   Ordering is easy as all the staff are comfortable with English, Cantonese and Mandarin. Waiting service is quick and easy to grab their attention.   The soup dumplings were served at a good time! They come with tongs for those who may need the extra help in not spilling the soup from the dumplings! Not sure what's proper but I usually start by placing the soup dumpling on my spoon, pour a little bit of vinegar on it. Then I poke a hole on the bottom of the dumpling and drink the soup! When I'm done depending on mood, I might drizzle a little more vinegar :P Theres also alot of food on their menu but I only tried the soup dumplings!   I'd love to come back here and try everything else but definitely at a hopefully less busy time!
3 Really liked their crab meat xlb and scallion pancake. It lives up to the hype!   However, the only slightly negative comment I have about this place is that upon entering, I was hit with this huge smell of "stinky socks", if you could describe it like that. It was extremely unpleasant (especially by the doorway) but you get used to it once you're inside (sadly). Food is good, but just this is maybe something that could be improved.   Due to the number of people waiting to come here, you may be asked to sit at communal tables with another party.   It's also cash only!
3 Perfectly adequate Chinese food but you could find comparable dishes nearby at a lower price. They seem to benefit from a yelp-driven tourist hype. Good meal but probably won't return
3 the soup dumplings were disappointing. The size is large compare to Ding Tai Feng but it is not as juicy as DTF. Also, I think the dumplings were overcooked. There were a couple of broken skin and the soup leaked out. Cash only!
4 The soup dumplings here were amazing. The food was good but honestly I expected more after hearing about all the hype. Check it out but you won't be blown away.
5 Best soup dumplings I had so far. Other dishes are also good. Just like how casual they are. They care about the food, and not so much you. That's ok, kind of how I like it. Usually a wait, if you are impatient, save yourself time and everyone else your complaints.
4 Be aware this restaurant is very popular so there is going to be a wait. When you get to the door you tell the hostess how many people and she gives you a card with a number on it. After standing outside for 30 min & everyone who came after us was getting called for a table of 2 we knew the hostess messed up & didn't call our number.  She made up for her mistake and rushed us inside but I was still pretty upset.  Seating is family style, you're sat at a table with a bunch of random people, which was a problem..   Caution- the dumpling have soup in them along with the pork or crab you order. We weren't aware my husband grabbed one not knowing tried to eat it whole & burned the entire inside of his mouth it was so hot he spit it into a napkin in his hand and the soup burned his hand too. Three other people at our table had the same thing happened to them. The crab dumplings were extremely fishy. The shrimp friend rice & the spring rolls were really good. (We ordered 2 springs rolls they were cut in half).  Would recommend, just be cautious of how hot the food is.
4 Stopped in here on a Saturday night. Wait wasn't too bad for 3 people, about an hour. Seating is family style, just like in China.  We ordered: - Singapore Mei Fun - Crabmeat and Pork Soup Dumplings - Pork Soup Dumplings - Twice cooked pork  Everything was awesome, especially the dumplings. They tasted just like the ones we had in Shanghai. The overall price and service were great. Wait was well worth it, will be back!
5 Every time I am in New York, I visit Joe's.  This place is amazing.  This is where I fell in love with Soup Dumplings and will always be my favorite.   A few weeks ago, I was able to bring my two children (9 and 11) to try soup dumplings at Joes and they fell in love immediately.  Love, love, love this place.  Thanks.
4 By far the best Chinese food I have ever had. I had been recommended to wo hop by a friend who lives in the area but I deviated based on the line outside of Joe's. The dumplings were amazing, the service was slow and they don't take credit cards, hence the 4 stars
5 I am so glad I came to Joe's Shanghai! I had seen several recommendations on both yelp and YouTube. The food did not disappoint! It was very busy when I went alone at about 2:30 but I was seated immediately at a community table. There were several couples at the table and I had a great conversation with a man traveling from Germany.   I read a recommendation for the pork meat soup dumplings so that is what I ordered. They were FANTASTIC!   I was wishing I wasn't alone so I could share multiple dishes.  Several of the other couples at my table ordered noodles which looked and smelled amazing! I am definitely going to bring my husband back here for dinner to try the lo mein and sesame chicken!
4 Great atmosphere, great food, authentic place efficient service. I do recommend this place, with friend, family or date.
5 Long wait but worth it! Best soup dumplings I've ever (all of their other food is also very good!) Everytime I come to NYC I make it a point to come here. I always bring new ppl to the city to experience the greatness!
5 Once again, while exploring the best of the culinary arts in NYC, I indulge myself into the best soup dumplings in NYC.  Indeed this is the place to go to get intermit with the arts of the chinese best.  They are known for their signature soup dumplings in which they have the choice of Pork or Crab.  They also have a variety of other selections from their menu if indeed wish to try sonething more.  I recommend this place 100%...
4 Interior--one of those old Chinatown restaurants so it's very cramp, dark and you gotta share tables with strangersthere's no waiting area inside  Service--average. Food comes out pretty fast even when they are extremely busy. They only seat you when your whole party is there.  Taste--the pork dumplings are DELICIOUS and bigger compare with average dumplings. They come out really hot since there's soup in them so make sure don't burn yourself.   3 of us ordered 4 dishes, came out with a total of $56, which is a pretty good deal considering we were extremely full.
4 Just came back from a group lunch here. Joe's is an institution and no tour of Chinatown can be complete without it. The food itself is quite good- cheap, satisfying and filling.  The good- Pork soup dumpling- signature item, pretty straightforward but yum! Make sure you have it with a bit of the chilli oil they have at the table. Also pro-tip to not let soup all over ypurself- take the dumpling in the spoon first, puncture it with the chopstick, slurp some of the soupy goodness that oozes out into the spoon, and then only take a bite.  Sichuan sliced beef- loads of mala flavor, nicely balanced by the crunch of bean sprouts.   The meh- Crab soup dumpling- the quality of the crab isn't great, so this one's meh. Not bad at all though!  Cold chicken and cucumber- weird dish. The chicken tasted like potatoes. Couldn't make any sense of this dish.  The ugly- THE WAIT TIME. If you come in the weekend, be prepared to grab a bubble tea next door and wait and wait. We waited 45 mins.  Also it's crazy busy, and you have to ask for even water and rice. Not really blaming them because it's very good value for money, but just a heads up.
5 We were so impressed! Loved the pork soup dumplings--like a flavor explosion. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated on a Thursday night, not bad. The sesame chicken was the best we've ever had. Crispy and light on the outside, juicy on the inside.  Service was fast and efficient. Our friend got the Lo mein, and he loved it! They serve tea at the beginning of the meal, and oranges at the end to refresh.  The seating is communal, which is cool if you're down for that. About 7-8 to a table. It's loud and busy but so fun and a great atmosphere to really experience Chinatown in NYC.  Prices weren't bad at all. Highly recommend! We loved our experience here! We hope to go back next time we're in the city!   A note: bring cash. I don't believe they accept cards.
5 Soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings soup dumplings! Do you catch what we're dropping?
5 Soup dumplings perfect. Thick noodles with steak and string beans. Little shrimp with peas. Everything was excellent. Worth the wait.
4 Joe's Shanghai is known for its xiao long bao (soup dumplings), just like Gourmet Dumpling House in Boston or Din Tai Fung on the west coast. I'm always on the hunt for some good xiao long bao, so I was steamed and ready to give it a try and bao down to the buns Joe's has to offer.  When in New York City, it's expected that you'll be spending lots of money on food, so it was refreshing to find such a highly esteemed place with one dollar sign. I was here with one other person, and we shared a very substantial meal that we couldn't finish and for fair price. We ordered the crab meat with pork meat soup dumplings, pork meat soup dumplings (classic xiao long bao), and the Shanghai sautéed flat noodles. The total ended up being around $38 for both of us after tax and tip. Overall, this is a pretty solid bang for your buck, especially in the Big Apple. Joe's also includes a 15% tip when they give you the check at the end. This place unfortunately only accepts cash though.  Another important thing to note about Joe's is that it always tends to be busy. I wouldn't expect any less from such a famous place as this. To cut down on wait times, you'll likely be sharing a table with other parties. This isn't particularly ideal for an intimate setting, but you could still make it work if that's what you're shooting for.  Though Joe's Shanghai certainly has its shortcomings, I'd gladly return to try more of its menu.
4 Joe's Shanghai was 100% not on my list of places to try when I visited the city. Only even had it bookmarked because my friend recommended it. I come from the land of amazing Chinese food (see: San Gabriel Valley) and NY isn't exactly renowned for amazing Asian food. But even I have to admit there's only so much pizza a guy can eat before he gets tired of it.  Came here around 4 pm on a Saturday afternoon. There was a HUGE crowd of people outside, and I wasn't about to wait longer than 15 minutes to sit down. Thankfully, since I was by myself, I didn't have to wait. Sat down immediately at a shared table, I guess that's just how they do it here with the lack of significant dining space.  I only got one thing, the pork meat soup dumplings or xiao long bao. They don't look pretty at all, but they are solid and on par with some of the places back home. They definitely bring the soup in soup dumplings. Trying to eat one of these bad boys in one bite was not a good idea between how big each dumpling was and how hot the soup inside each dumpling was. Pork was fairly run-of-the-mill, nothing overly memorable. Overall, not bad.  Service was actually pretty decent for a Chinese place. They're very VERY motivated on one thing, getting you in and out as soon as possible so that they can sit the next party. Joe's is very well-staffed though, so getting someone's attention is not very difficult. And they all speak English, given how many non-Asians pass through here. So yeah, the service is better than your average Chinese place.  Personally, I wouldn't go out of my way to come to Joe's Shanghai because there are easily three times as many places back home that sell the same quality of xiao long bao. But you get what you can get in the city and there aren't quite as many good Chinese places out here.
5 Haven't ordered anything from here I didn't like. Tried the cold noodles with sesame sauce just to try them. They were very heavy but very good. Of course the soup dumplings are AMAZING! This place was already crowded 15 minutes after opening on a weekday, and for good reason.
4 We came at around 3pm and we were seated right away! We ordered the pork soup dumplings, General Tso chicken, Shanghai noodles, and scallion pancakes! The soup dumplings were delicious! The broth was very flavorful, but be careful! It's piping hot. The pancakes were so crispy and the sweet sauce pairs very well with the pancakes, it helps with the grease! General tso chicken was very good! I usually never order American version of chinese dishes but the meat was succulent, wasn't very spicy but it was delicious! The Shanghai noodles were a bit disappointing, the flavor was missing. Very bland. The service was very nice despite how busy the restaurant was.
4 The soup dumplings were a delight. Pan fried noodles were OK... The wait was long but it was a Sun...
5 I am a local so I come here often. Very solid Chinese food especially if you like soup dumplings but don't the soup dumplings for take out, all the soup leaks out.
5 Legitimately the best place in nyc: amazing soup dumplings, phenomenal atmosphere in group seating, reasonably priced, large chicken bites for general tsao's and sesame chicken, amazing shredded beef, totally delicious friend pork chops, literally everything is so good!!!!!!!!!
5 There are lots of reviews on this place - trust them. The pork soup dumplings are worth the wait.  Just some tips: - This is a CASH ONLY business. There's an ATM outside if you need to get some more cash for those extra dumplings you will order. - They add a 15% gratuity to the bill so no need to tip. - You will be seated at communal tables if that's the only spot open. It's not too bad and you will be seated with your group. - Expect at least a 30 minute to 1 hour wait for bigger groups - maybe a bit less for 2-3 people.  Food: My friends and I ordered two baskets of pork soup dumplings, General Tso's chicken and lo mein. The pork soup dumplings are hooooooot, so make sure to make a hole inside of the dumpling to let the steam out and then dip in the soy sauce + ginger combo. General Tso's chicken is delicious because the sauce - the sauce is just so..so decadent and perfect. The lo mein had a perfect texture and was not oily whatsoever.  This place is a must for visitors!!!
3 We went around 8:45pm and were told a 30+ minute wait, which is a bit too much for New York restaurants, especially since there is no Yelp waitlist. When you are seated, you essentially share a large table with multiple parties, which can be fun or awkward depending on the group dynamics and your personality. It was ok for us.  The food failed to meet the expectations of the wait. We got the sesame noodles and the pork soup dumplings (xiao long bao). The sesame noodles were prepared poorly because of the flavor and the starchiness texture that accentuates the poor flavor. The xiao long bao was okay, as I have tried much better before. You carefully pick up the dumpling and place it in a spoon in case the soup leaks out. This was necessary because these dumplings are relatively large compared to the standard. The soup is pretty good but the pork inside needs improvement as it is not that flavorful. Overall, this place seems to be overhyped and definitely not worth the wait.
5 Honestly, this place is so worth all the hype - and the long lines. Great for groups! Also, great if you have visitors.   Usually a pretty long wait, and you have to check back in frequently. They will not seat you unless everyone in your group is there. It's a give or take depending on the night. There are times where groups were seated quicker than couples. You'll end up waiting 45-60 minutes if you go from 6pm-8pm.   Be sure to get the soup dumplings. I tried them for the first time here, and my life changed. I crave these dumplings, and I swear that they are some of the best I've had in New York. Other than the dumplings, we usually eat family style- getting a noodles, vegetables, and chicken dish.
4 After hearing all the hype about Joe's Shanghai, I decided to give it a try when I was in the area during lunch. We got there at 11:30 and there was not a single table that wasn't occupied. Immediately I thought, the hype must be real and I was even more excited.  Ordered the pork soup dumplings and they were delicious. I really wanted to try the pork and crab soup dumplings but my friend doesn't eat crab so I settled for the pork. It was good and just the right amount of juice inside the dumpling. The fried pan noodles were also good- tasty, noodles were great, right amount of pork. One of the orders came out incorrectly and they had no problem switching it and correcting the mistake.   I would definitely return but because it is so busy at night, I would opt for going during lunch.
2 The dishes were good, but their customer service was the worse I've even seen. Their staff were rude to us, and they were saying something in our back in Chinese. Overall, it was a not very good experience, a little bit disappointing because we were very excited about it. And the staff ruined everything.
5 Soup dumpling.  Enough said except be careful as the soup inside the perfect dumpling skin is scorching hot. Soup dumpling. Repeat after me
5 Went here per reviews and were nicely surprised. It was a very popular place with great food and fast service. The biggest problem was they only take cash, they do have an ATM out front though. There seems to be a long wait for people but our group of 10 got in quick, we were lucky. If they're busy and you are a small party, they will seat you at a big round table with other small parties. Their menu is great, they are well known for their soup dumplings which were only eight dollars. Decent prices as well! As is prevalent in New York, they do not like you to sit around and enjoy, it is an eat and go environment. Also, no free refills on anything but water. Would definitely recommend, great experience!
5 This may seem like a hole in the wall nestled in China Town but it is THE BEST Chinese food I've ever had. The wait is worth it, the seating allows you an opportunity to meet new people (you may sit at a table with other parties), and the service is quick. I order the sesame chicken, note the broccli comes out cold, they're know for their dumplings and fyi your soda comes in a can. A note was handed out advising the china town location will be moving December 1st so next time I visit I'll be anxious to see the new location.
3 I live in San Francisco and the soup dumplings out there are far better. Our table couldn't even finish the pork soup dumplings. We did enjoy the Shanghai noodles, though.
5 Fantastic pork xiaolongbao! We came here solely to try the pork XLB, so that's all I can comment on today. They are $8 for 8 and quite large. They are FILLED with lots of rich soup. Lots of meaty goodness inside, and quite worth the price. The dumpling skin was not so thin as to rip easily. Perfectly crafted soup dumplings that I would say are better than those of Din Tai Fung (in the US at least).
4 Fast and delicious food! Shanghai soup dumplings are the must. Loved the eggplant dish as well - it's got a bit of kick/just the right amount. The rice wine rice ball dessert was on point too.   The mushroom and bamboo was a bit disappointing compared to other dishes. Bamboo shoots were too raw. Also had three salt duck or something. It was good but as the same implies, can be quite salty so would recommend having rice or some other plain dish to balance it out.
5 What you see is what you get. You must have realistic expectations of this place, it's not a 5 star restaurant. They're pretty organized with how packed this place was, and we went on a Monday. They serve you free tea during your meal and I like the family style and large portions. We were only 2 and we're sat with others in a round table, that didn't bother us at all, it's cool. We got vegetable, soup dumplings, and noddles. Everything was delicious but definitely too much food for two people. I'll definitely come back because there is a lot else that I want to try.
3 We enjoyed the pork dumplings, lo mien, and onion pancake. However, the half-hour wait in the street with the many cigarette smokers, and the cacophony inside at a communal table that was too big to engender conversation, makes this "must experience" into just another Chinese restaurant. Probably would be better during off hours, or after December when they change location.
5 This place is proof that not all Asian food tastes the same.  The flavors were exceptional, the wait want bad, and the service was great.  We came in at lunch on Sunday and it was fantastic.  We had a beef dish, calamari, duck, and shrimp fried rice.  All excellent.  We also had the pork dumpling appetizer which was awesome.  They also serve Tsing Tao, need I say more?  Definitely on the list for a return visit.
4 Probably the best Chinese food I've had.  We went on recommendation from a friend.  She said they had the best dumplings ever.   We got there on a Saturday, around 1pm.  Long line outside.  Go our number and was told 30-40min wait.  They take by size and table availability (which is totally understandable - but some people were not so understanding).  We ended up not being seated for about an hour.  Lots of staff, hovering to clear and place tables.  We did order soup dumplings, which we never had, and we loved them.  We also had the chicken fried rice and the sesame chicken.  This was all shared by 4 of us and was plenty.  Very tasty and fresh. This is a real Chinese restaurant - if you want flatware, you will have to ask for it.   Down side:  No ice in the water. If you want a soda, you just get a can, no glass.  As I said, the staff hovers.  When they see you are done they wait right next to your table for you to leave.  You feel slightly rushed.  No lounging here as they need to turn the table for the long line outside.  This is why 4 stars over 5 stars.
4 If you're coming to Joe's Shanghai, prepare to wait at least an hour before you get seated. I went with a group of five during the evening, and although the wait was long, the food was definitely worth the wait.  The pork xiao long bao is a must-try! The pork dumping was more flavorful than the shrimp. Each batch has eight pieces, all decently large. The fried calamari is the best I've ever had; lightly fried but very flavorful and has a slight kick from the peppers. The beef and broccoli is honestly very flavorful and pairs perfectly with rice. The ja jiang mien was okay; I wouldn't get it again. The sauce was much sweeter and had a strong peanut flavor; it tasted like spring roll peanut sauce.  Overall, the food is delicious and comes out of the kitchen pretty fast. I would definitely come back and try more dishes. Highly recommend.
4 Atmosphere: Joe's Shanghai is decently sized. We went at around 2 pm and the restaurant was packed.  Service: We ended up being seated at a round table with another group of people because there were no other tables available. Otherwise, service was standard and our food came out promptly.   Food: We ordered the pork meat soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The dumplings were delicious! There was a perfect balance of soup and meat inside of them. The scallion pancakes were very flavorful and crispy.   Overall: Joe's Shanghai lived up to its hype. Although we were in an awkward seating situation, we would definitely recommend stopping by for some excellent, decently priced Chinese food.
4 -cash only - Din Tai Fung comparison since that's what I eat when back home: - bang for the buck, orders r bigger. One was enough for me but I normally eat 1.5-2 Xiao long Bao at din tai. Only thing was skins a tad thicker and chewier and since bigger, I had a harder time (messier)to eat. Tastes is similar so very good. Slightly more meat inside as well.  - handmade long noodles were better here IMO - salt and pepper fish fingers for the picky child, which he loved!   We only ordered a few items since there was only two of us   Interior is old. This place has been around a while from the look of it. They're moving though.   It felt more typical of Chinese restaurant in that the waiters were a little bit more hustle and bustle
4 Was in NY for work and my co-workers wanted to eat in Chinatown so we decided to try Joe's Shanghai. Honestly I came in with no expectations, because being from LA I've been spoiled with good authentic Chinese food. I knew coming in it wouldn't be authentic and the food would cater to tourists. But the food was actually pretty good!   We had 4 people in our group and we had to share a large table with 2 other parties. The restaurant was jam packed and service was not friendly. We ordered a bunch of dishes and shared. We all agreed that the soup dumplings was the highlight! We still talk about the dumplings til this day LOL I wish we got another order. Some other dishes I enjoyed were the Shanghai noodles, scallion beef and general tso shrimp. My coworkers liked the scallion pancake but I thought it was too thick.   Overall I would return for the noodles and dumplings. Be sure to come early because when we left, the crowd outside got bigger!
1 Went with my friends. We ordered some soup dumplings, drunken chicken, rice cake with shrimps, and string beans.  Nothing was tasty!  The service was bad.  Waiters paid no attention to our table.  But put 18% tips on after tax.  That was so illegal!  It was the worst experience!  Over rated, over priced!  Don't even deserve one star.
5 The BEST Chinese food hands down! Look no further. What more better than Chinese food in Chinatown. FYI Only cash is accepted here.
2 Overrated!! Its a tourist trap. They pay the tour guides to bring people there. Service is rude. There are better tasting dumplings around town.
4 Great place for a quick bite to eat. We were seated right away even though it's busy all of the time. We always get the crab soup dumplings. The location in queens definitely makes better dumplings though.
2 This place is wayyy overhyped and definitely a "tourist trap".   First of all, let me start by saying- I don't mind waiting in line for awhile for good food.... but! This place has a totally messed up system. The tables here are communal, so I understand that sometimes a 3 person spot may open and jump ahead of the two, but they completely skipped our group and then when we asked they basically just said "oops."   Second. I know this place is busy, but the customer service is subpar. They rush you through your order and seem frustrated if you ask questions.   They are known for their dumplings - they only have two kinds. They're just okay. We tried both (pork and a pork+crab) and I honestly couldn't tell you which was which. We also had the scallion pancake which was oily and lacked flavor unless you put a lot of sauce on it.   Dumplings came out quick. There's the one positive.   There are sooooo many other places to get good food in Chinatown that I wouldn't waste your time on this one.
5 Best beef chow mein I've ever had! So flavorful and the beef was really tender. I love the chewy side noodles.
5 After growing up in Hong Kong and moving to NYC a few years ago, this is my go to place for won ton noodles that has the same taste and texture of Hong along. Pre covid, this place became part of my routine and I'd come every other week
4 Excellent top notch restaurant. Large selection of noodle and rice dishes. Recommend getting their soup dumplings. Can't go wrong with anything here. The congee is perfect here...love having it on a cold day.
5 came back since covid and they're up and running great. even clean ur shoes with disinfectant when you come in. got served a super hot green tea on a super cold new york day. had some lunch with a friend. we each got an order of soup dumplings and split a lo mein. delicious. absolutely consistently delivering. eat here.
5 I've been meaning to try the Noodle Village for quite some time and am glad that I finally did.  They definitely adhered to all necessary protocol whether it was spraying my feet before I entered in or taking my name down in case they needed to contact me about a possible COVID exposure (albeit I'm already vaccinated, I appreciate the effort- we still have to continue to be cautious).    As for what I ordered, my friend who frequented here often sung praises about the beef tendon noodle soup so that's what I got.  And let me tell you, he was on the money.  The beef tendon was cooked perfectly with the right amount of chewiness and the both was flavorful.  The noodles were fresh and delicious as well.  I definitely see myself coming back here with company to try items that are worthy of sharing such as the crab XLBs.
3 Be sure to look because they sneak in a service fee $2.29 and do not show this in the grand total.   Five stars for service. Our waiter Henry was very courteous, attentive and a great waiter. The other staff members were very kind. Henry addressed our needs and conveyed messages to us as we were seated close to closing.   Because it was the end of the day, they did not have scallion pancakes, steamed pork buns and some other items left.   The sit down area was heated and it was very relaxing. It felt very private and I was impressed by the outdoor seating. Very clean.   I had the broccoli with oyster sauce ($7.65), steamed crab meat and pork soup dumplings, pan fried vegetable dumplings and vegetable spring rolls.   The broccoli was nice and crispy. We opted to not get chinese broccoli this time around. The broccoli has a nice bite and it was nice to have it steamed with the oyster sauce on the side.   The soup dumplings were good. If I were to order one item again here, it would be the steamed crab meat and pork soup dumplings ($9.25) for 6. They were fresh and well made.   The spring rolls were very crispy. It had more of a phyllo dough spring roll vibe.   The Pan Fried Vegetable Dumplings were ok. To me, I could really taste the fish sauce in them. I love fish but these were very fishy to me. I was not sure if it was the oil? If you are vegetarian I would be mindful of this and to be sure to ask your server. I do know that fish sauce is incorporated into a lot of asian cuisines. My friend that is a vegetarian did not taste this.   The noodles that my friends enjoyed looked very standard. They ordered the chicken fried noodle and seasonal vegetable and mushroom lo mein. My friend did not have the broth for one of her vegetable noodle dishes. The broth was incredibly salty and tasted as if it was a meat base. It had a more American Chinese food flare. If you prefer our Americanized version of Chinese while in Chinatown, come here!
5 Really cozy, yummy place. I always get xiao long bao and any kind of wonton noodle soup. I tried their scallion pancake (not pictured) and it was really good too. Their quality is decent for what they charge.  It hasn't changed in all the time I've been going here. Tastes like home food! They have a separate outside tent area for outdoor dining or you can eat inside! They're doing their best with COVID.
5 Really enjoyed my time here, muchung noodles and dining out doors. The dining stalls aren't the warmest, but the staff is super fast at getting food out and keeping hot tea refilled. The fried dough was a welcome surprise with a condensed milk sauce that was a nice sweet way to open the meal. Lots of options here, and lots of tasty and budget friendly ways to enjoy food! I did shumai and dumplings as s combo over noodles and came with broth. Very comforting and very tasty. My partner ate the short rib and it was quite tasty. Great place for food and they take credit cards!
3 Tried their outdoor dining today.   Pro: Heat lamp Booth has clear shower curtain not door so there is air circulation   Con: There is no service besides placing the order and the food being brought out.  I went inside to use the bathroom and asked for tea refill. That never happened. No one comes to come if you need anything.   They need to check in their outdoor dining customers.
5 I've been here a handful of times and always leave happy and full. Their best dishes include hot pot rice, soup dumplings and shu mai, congee (especially any one that contains black egg), and wonton soup. The hot pot rice comes in a hot clay pot with vegetables and a meat (my favorite is Chinese sausage). The rice coating the pot is crispy and delicious, probably their most memorable dish. Their congee is also one of my favorite dishes. It's a super flavorful porridge and you can get it with various accoutrements. My favorite is ground pork and black egg. The black egg is a super creamy, delicious egg. Their dim sum is great too, can't go wrong. During my last visit, we tried their spicy cuttlefish and seafood lo mein. Cuttlefish was great (it's kind of like squid), perfectly flavored with spicy chili oil and cilantro for freshness. The lo mein was also surprisingly good. I don't usually order lo mein at Chinese restaurants, but this one was flavored really well and the noodles had a nice crisp. Plenty of seafood in the dish too. Not like your typical Americanized lo mein. Would definitely pay this spot a visit for some delicious and cheap Taiwanese food. Don't expect too much of an ambiance/politeness from wait staff though. We got here at 7:45 and were told to order quickly as they were closing soon, and they came immediately with the bill when our food was served. Typical Chinatown restaurant, food was well worth the pushiness of the staff.
1 Decided to order take out from Noodle Village since I was craving some authentic asian food. Thought it would be a place where I could satisfy my tastebuds at the moment. I was super excited but at the end I was let down. The food here is a bit overpriced and at times I wouldn't mind paying the price if the quality was good. I had ordered the pork and salted fish pot rice and it was just whatever. I couldn't care for it. It was basically burnt  rice with pork and some salted fish. I found one piece of boiled broccoli in my container. There were no scallions or onions or any other flavor but from the bit of seasoning on the pork. I would never pay almost $14 for this ever again. Second fish I had ordered was the beef with rice rolls. The beef was stewed and it was a bit on the sweeter side. Which i did not mind at first, but th taste got redundant and i grew tired of it quickly. The rice rolls were good but the flavor did not mesh well with it. This was super underwhelming and it came out to be $15 for this dish. I would not order this again either. The third item I had tried was like spicy wontons which came to $10 for about 5-6 wontons? talk about pricey but these were delicious especially when coming out hot. This was the only dish i did not regret and I had inhaled the entire thing. But being in the city specially in China Town, there's just too much competition and too much food other places has got to offer. I was really not impressed with Noodle Village and don't really care to give it another shot, sadly.
4 My vegetarian curry noodle soup was delicious and vegetarian. I added extra Chinese broccoli. Yummy.
5 Highly recommend the beef brisket with curry sauce and steam rice roll in hot pot, as well as the beef brisket noodle soup Hong Kong style. The brisket in both dishes was delicious and super generous in portion. Service was great and we really enjoyed the fried fish skin as well.
5 I became a little lazy these days to cook almost every day so we decided to try out a buch of different takeouts. Of course at first we consider price tags. We wanted somethind in the middle with good quality. We came across this one. It seemed very nice. Portions and everything looked good. We were in a slight hurry so we asked if could get our order sooner. There were a few customers so there was no problem with our request. We got our order quite fast. Evrything was nicely packed. The food we got was very delicious. We really enjoyed our meal and definately will use this service again.
2 Maybe the noodles are lovely here, but their juicy pork dumpling looks nothing like advertised. The advertised photos look like Din Tai Fung dumplings, and I can assure you these dumplings do not taste, look at that.
5 ordered their liver and kidney dish steamed very moist and tender.  also ordered their watercress dumplings which are fragrant and filled with greens. Dumpling skin is thin and tender. prices very reasonable. order from here several times a week.
5 Such a cute little place on Mott street. Their outdoor dining set up is pretty nice. You and your party are separated into individual areas with your own heater.   Our server was really friendly and attentive. They brought us hot tea to start which was great considering it was a chilly night.   My friend and I ordered 2 orders of the crab meat + pork soup dumplings, a small shrimp wonton noodle and the spare ribs hot clay pot.   All of the dishes were great but my favorite was definitely the soup dumplings and clay pot. Highly recommend coming here and the prices are soooo reasonable!
3 Ordered the steamed rice roll with peanut & hoisin sauce to-go. I was not too thrilled about it. Had to satisfy my rice noodle cravings and this was a bit of a letdown.   They seem to have other popular dishes. I might try those next time and give this place another go.
5 We were all craving dim sum and a late night conversation with friends turned into a trip to Noodle House.  We loved the outdoor seating and bubble-like accommodations. I was late, but the food was waiting for me (my friends ordered ahead) and it was spectacular. The house tea was fresh and mild, much like a lightly steeped oolong, a much, needed, welcomed flavor. The server was super friendly, greeting me saying, "yaaaayy you made it, welcome... eat eat!". It was very cute and sweet. There were soup dumplings, Chinese broccoli in smoked tea sauce, veggie dumplings, noodles and of course, the crispy spring rolls. When I arrived they were staring at the container... they ate the first order and were plotting on eating mine  !  Gladly, i was able to have one (lovey snagged the other), they were so good they didn't need any duck sauce. In exchange, Lovey shared her stir fried noodles with chicken with us, and they too were delicious.  We all wanted more, but we had plans for boba and boba cream puffs. I will return soon, the call of tasty food is too much to bear.
5 I was introduced to Noodle village through a friend who comes here 2-3 times a month for their hot pot rice (yes it's that good!). During Covid, they have 3 tables in a structure outside located on the road, shared with the other restaurants on the block. But since they're so popular, those tables are often full with a 30-45min wait. So if the guest is ok with it, the servers were flexible with us and brought out a folding table for us to sit on the sidewalk.  We ordered 1 order of pork soup dumplings and the hot pot rice with pork/salted fish and extra chinese sausage (+$4). Each serving of soup dumplings comes with 6, but only 3 are shown in the picture b/c we we're hungry and they were delicious! The skin was thick and chewey, which I love, though I know a lot of people prefer a thinner delicate skin. The filling/soup was top 5 in NYC for me - flavorful but a bit too much soy for my taste. (My favorite is Shanghai 21 next door and 2nd place is Shanghai Cafe on Mott x Canal). This was the first time I had hot pot rice in NYC's Chinatowns, though I use to have it all the time at home as a kid. The rice along the bottom was perfectly crispy, and all the meats/toppings were so delicious combined with the soy-based sauce they recommend you pour on top. Protein portions (especially with the extra we ordered) were generous.  On top of all of that, the entire meal for 2 was under $35 with tax and tip! I hear their wontons and noodles are quite good too, so maybe we'll be trying that the next time we come back.
5 I love this place. My sisters and I get take out from here atleast once a week. We love the staff, they remember us and are super friendly.  Excellent dumplings! And I love the seafood stir fried ramen.  And the way they package to go soup dumplings is so clever!
5 This is such a delicious spot with so many options to satisfy your cravings!  I thought the prices were decent compared to a lot of places in the city. Which led me to order a ton of different items to try and got some great leftovers out of it.  My favorite was the oxtail curry soup, it was so flavorful and filling on a cold day. Paired well with xiao long bao (soup dumplings). It's hard to find places that do good clay pot rice plates so I had to order that as well. They give you a lot of food and the sweet soy sauce hit the spot.  I wish I lived in NY because I'd come back all the time to try the rest of the menu.
5 Came here while visiting NY. Saw good reviews so we checked it out. Food was soo good and service was great they work hard very attentive. Highly recommend for some authentic food!
4 I had the opportunity to visit NYC this past week and I headed straight to Chinatown as it was impacted the hardest during these tough times.   I decided to give Noodle Village a try.   They have outdoor seating and the little dining tents were heated. Service was pretty quick.   We ordered shrimp and pork wanton noodle soups - I think the broth is missing something. Overall I think it is still good - missing a certain umami element to it... Sadly I will keep my OG Great Noodle town for my wantan mein craving. We also ordered the crab and pork xiao long bao and gave 5/5 for that dish.  We also got the fried buns - I don't know what was wrong with me. I always think buns are pork filled. Maybe they should clarify on the menu? What we got was fried mini montao with condense milk on the side. I love this dish but it wasn't what I was expecting.   I definitely want to come back and try their other dishes.
5 amazing!! super safe covid seating with heat :) all the food was great, especially the soup dumplings and fried wontons.
4 We found the the noodle by googling for heated outdoor dining spots. It was an interesting little oasis out from the cold, although it needed a few tweaks. The entrance to each cubbie was a half wooden door with a rigged up sliding heavy duty shower curtain but ours was torn so air made its way in. Still, we were warm enough even without the heaters. Each cubbie was equipped with a heater, although none were turned on. I'm sure it's pretty warm when they are going. We ordered wonton soup, the Chinese broccoli, fried vegetable soup dumplings, the steamed pork soup dumplings, shrimp noodles, and shrimp fried rice. Everything was excellent. Somehow we mistakenly ordered some dessert buns instead of pork buns. They had a condensed milk sort of creamy dip and were pretty good. Hot tea was served and we were allowed to bring our own beer in. On a final interesting note: should you need to use the restroom, be prepared to have your temperature checked...and the bottom of your shoes sprayed with disinfectant. Yup.
5 Such flavorful soup dumplings! The place is BYOB so perfect for a group outing. Everything we had was so delicious and tried the clay pot which was a huge win!
5 Lovely place with delicious lo mein, soup and dumplings. Also very cheap and kind staff. Will come back again.
1 People please NEVER GO TO THIS HORRIBLE PLACE TO EAT. Stay away from this restaurant. Customer service is bad, they obligate you to leave 15% and above of tip, NEVER DO THAT, tip is not obligatory so you can leave the amount that you want, the amount that they put in the receipt is a "SUGGESTED TIP", NOT OBLIGATORY, they were trying to obligate us to leave more tip, SCAMMERS!!!. Also their food is so bad, the portion is miserable and food don't taste good, taste like old food. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY GOING TO THIS PLACE. I don't wanna go back never again.
1 Worst place ever. Ordered a wonton noodle but only got it after 50mins. They spilled my order and give my order to other people. Disgusting place
2 Five stars for service. I went there reading other reviews on Yelp, only to be disappointed by their food. Highlight of my mean was a fried dumplings. Shrimp and pork wanton noodles were flavorless.
4 I would never have known a place like this existed if my friend hadn't brought me here! We came here for a late dinner (pre-COVID) and we were probably the only two people inside, which is usually not a good sign. However, we forged ahead and ordered a few dishes to share.  Soup Dumplings - pretty standard, we ordered both the crab and the original fillings. Not as good as Ding Tai Fung but still hit the spot. Scallion Pancake - I'm always down for a crispy scallion pancake. It was crispy but nothing special. Steam Rice Roll - I had never had this before but it's apparently a big thing in HK. We ordered it topped with some sort of peanut sauce, which was tasty, but definitely pretty heavy. Choi Sum - we needed veggies stat so we ordered some steamed veggies, which was tasty when dipped in the thick and salty oyster sauce.   Overall, I would definitely come back for some late night dining or takeout. Support your local Chinatown!!!
3 There's something about dining out in China Town--dumplings and noodles in a non-fancy establishment. Perhaps it's my inner Asian that can somehow randomly miss this kind of vibes. Anyhow, randomly venture out to this part of town at night. They have outdoor seating that is quite enclosed and warm. Each table was well partitioned. The staffs wear mask and everything is served with disposable utensils. I ordered noodle with pork hocks and shared soup dumplings (xiao long bao). The noodle was okay. It's the thin yellow noodle and tasted somewhat alkaline. Reminds me if HK noodle. The pig hock was tender and chewy. Decent portion. The soup dumplings are REALLY good though. If only they were bigger. Service is quick, although staffs aren't exactly the friendliest. But growing up in an Asian country, I knew that it's not that they're unfriendly, it's just the way people talk. Decent price.
5 Note: My visit was in the late Summer, when it was still quite warm outside.   I really liked their outdoor seating set up. You'll find that it's truly spaced apart appropriately, their servers are very careful and while the plastic utensils isn't the most environmentally friendly, the food is absolutely fantastic.   - Shrimp Wonton Noodles: So good, I tipped the plastic container to get a last sip of the soup. :)  - Soup dumplings: REALLY good. I love it when the dumpling skin is thin and the soup flavorful. You'll get that here. - Chinese Broccoli w. Oyster Sauce: Perfectly green and crunch Chinese broccoli with the right balance of oyster sauce  - Pork & Shrimp Dumplings: Excellent as well   Love, love love the food here. Will have to return for takeout and/or to scope out their outdoor dining situation in the Winter.
5 Holy Chinatown!!  What a great place to grab a quick bite.  Awesome dim sum and the best noodle soup in the country...Enjoy!!
4 This spot has the best soup dumplings. The broth leaves you in a happy place. You wouldn't think that this hidden gem would carry delicious soup dumplings. Yes, I would go back here to stuff my face with soup dumplings!
5 A fantastic spot, easily missed by the energy that has come back recently to Chinatown. This was the first restaurant I actually went inside to eat and I appreciated the extensive covid precautions this restaurant is taking. Before entering they are doing temperature checks, contact tracing, hand sanitizer, and even going the extra step of disinfecting the bottom of your shoes. Tables were properly distanced, and the food came out extremely fast. I recommend the congee, xiao long bao (soup dumplings), fried dumplings, and braised beef with tendons. The price is great and I will definitely come back to support this business.
3 Ordered the shanghai pork soup dumplings. They were not that good and could only eat 2 of them. The lard had already solidified in the dumplings. Their noodle soups use the same broth that was also hard to finish. It had too much fish sauce.
5 Came here multiple time on my month long NYC trip.   My favorite was the oxtail curry egg noodle soup! I also tried soup dumplings, and the claypot rice. Everything was good here. They have a giant menu with lots of options.  Prices are reasonable!
3 ordered beef stew egg noodle in broth, about 8 bucks.  rich flavor of beef stew, tender, spices blended well n marinated well, impressive.  broth base was average, flavor was enhanced by the rich beef stew gravy. :p  disappointing noodle, thin, almost (but not) fully cooked. not springy.  **indoor dinning during weekday lunch hour, three other customers was indoor. while outdoor seating made-in-progress  **i used love their food, just a coincident i had similar egg noodle in three different cafe/restaurant in two weeks. this noodle is not my cup of tea.
4 I've eaten at Noodle Village more than once outdoors since the pandemic hit.  Impressed with how good the food still is despite the changes required to keep it all safe.  Soup comes hot, and the soup dumplings are still my favorite in the City.  Support Chinatown.  It's a New York City treasure!
5 Have been going to Noodle Village for years for their soup dumplings which are the BEST. The skin is thin, there is SO much soup inside, and the pork filling is super flavorful. Have gotten a variety of other things over the years: noodles, dumplings, congee with you tiao--all are good here too. The place can get packed quickly so go early. Currently there is outdoor seating. Service is always fast.
5 One of my favorite spots in all of NYC! I rarely go to the same place more than once and I've been to this place on multiple occasions! They have a huge menu and literally everything on their menu is delicious. Some of my favorites include the clay pot rice, dim sum (shu mai and soup dumplings), black egg and pork congee, and wonton/beef noodle soups. This place is no frills. You may share a table with other parties, the wait staff can be rude, it's cash only, and there's not much of an ambiance but it's one of the best Cantonese places in the city. You could order a feast for $20 per person. If you want an authentic and delicious Chinatown experience, I highly recommend paying this place a visit.
5 I've been coming here to satisfy my cravings for authentic HK style wonton noodle soup! I haven't been able to see my family due to COVID so I've been craving more foods that remind me of home, and this definitely comes close.  The soup broth is clear and a bit "chemical-y," exactly the way it should be (generally I don't drink the broth). Noodles are al denté and have a perfect bite to them. Wontons are great and contain a fair amount of shrimp. I've tried the classic shrimp wontons and the watercress, which I was pleasantly surprised also had shrimps. We've also gotten the beef tendon noodle soup, which was soft and flavorful.  The small noodle soups come with 4 wontons, the large come with 6 (or 8??) and a double portion of noodles. I found the small to be a good size, that will satisfy but not overstuff you.   Both times I've been here I've been impressed by how friendly and attentive the service was. They even gave us (party of two) the booth for large parties because one of us had a bike. Covered outdoor seating available.   Food: 5/5 Value: 5/5 Quality/consistency: 4/5 Service: 5/5 Ambience: 4/5
5 I have been coming here since I was ten years old (now 22). Nothing can match its homey ambience with the best soup dumplings I have ever had, amazing black egg and pork congee, chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, and devilish ramen. I love nothing more in life and it is incredibly cheap for the quality of food as well. I would have annual birthday and chinese new year dinners here and the staff were always super accomodating and kind.
4 This place was recommended by my friend's cantonese friend, so we had high hopes. We definitely left satisfied - the food is reminiscent of my days in HK, and with an amazing price tag too! Will have to come back to try more dishes on their 100+ items menu!  In terms of food, we got... - Braised beef brisket with tendon lo mein ($9.74). The noodles and tendons really sang in this dish! the noodles were hard (like a Chinese al dente) and clung well to the sauce while the tendons were soft, fatty, and had just enough structural integrity for a easy chew. This was a solid and classic lo mein!  - Hotpot rice with sausage ($11.50). This dish was super nostalgic for me as I ate it all the time in HK. the rice was super crispy, the sauce was just enough for the whole dish, and the pork belly was sooo delicious. the only part of this dish i would change is the sausage - I'm more used to sweeter chinese sausages so this felt a bit too salty for me, almost like a Chinese salami! still super good dish overall though, i really went to town on the crispy rice with sauce   - Fried bun with condensed milk ($4.75) a childhood favorite! i feel like one can never go wrong with these. the bun is slightly sweet, with a crisp exterior and fluffy interior. dipping the buns in the condensed milk makes for a perfect dessert
5 YES.  Everything there was so delicious!   Outdoor service didn't benefit from the street smell, but it's Chinatown and we got over it as soon as the food arrived.  Our servers were friendly and attentive, which was nice, and they seemed both surprised and amused by how much food I ordered for two people. Little did they know that prior to that we had just had soufflé pancakes, too!  I approve of and highly recommend the soup dumplings (we had crab and pork) dim sum dishes, spicy oil wontons, and scallion pancakes etc, but I was disappointed by the seafood noodles because they were not what I expected.  I will be back to eat most of these items and more noodle soups and such!!!!  Cannot wait!
5 Has quickly become one of my favorite spots in Chinatown- I am not joking when I say I went twice in one week! Their soup dumplings are so delicious, I really like their crab XLB. Their clay pot rice was amazing too. I like to ask for extra sauce and add 1.5 of the sauces they give. The first time I went was on the weekend lunch, so there was a bit of the wait, but the other time I went was during dinner on a weekday, and there was no wait at all! They have outdoor dining and also utilize just plastic spoons and plates that they throw out after use (rip the environment, but yay for covid precautions). Really love this place, and would highly recommend if you are in Chinatown!
5 We did outdoor dining during the week. Excellent food. Friendly and fast service. They were taking all COVID19 precautions and even took my temp and cleaned the bottom of my shoes in order for me to use the restroom. We will return.
5 Delicious soup dumplings !!! Also the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was surprisingly tasty too. I'd def recommenced this place for your soup dumpling fix ! Outside seating during COVID isn't the best but the dumplings are - so I'd say totally worth it.
4 The food is delicious, the prices are good and so much options very big menu. Nice service and the location is easy to find.
2 I'm giving them 2 stars instead of one because of Covid. Chinatown restaurants have had a terribly hard time but in MOST cases the quality of the food has not suffered. I don't know how this place can stay open, serving bad food when there are 3 really good restaurants just steps away. I tried Noodle Village because they delivered a menu to my building. I called and ordered chicken congee and fried vegetable dumplings. What I got was soggy dumplings (like they were never crispy for a minute) and the worst congee I've ever had with tiny shreds of gristle and slimy black egg that was so gross I had to spit it out. Not cheap either. Go to Ping's or Hop Kee or Shanghai Asian Manor or Big Wong up the street.
4 I decided to visit Noodle Village as part of the Send Chinatown Love food crawl (9/1-9/30).  This restaurant offered lots of room for outdoor dining. There were tables and booths that were packed with hungry customers. I was in a rush to grab a bite to eat so I did takeout.   I ordered the #45.Black Egg with Pork Congee/皮蛋瘦肉粥 (thousand-year egg with congee). It came in a large quart-sized container. There were lots of toppings in the congee. It was piping hot, even after my hour-long train ride home. The price is a little steep for the average cost of congee (~$7.50) but I think the price is inflated because of COVID.  I will be coming back soon to try out their other menu options! I saw lots of customers order the Xiao Long Baos.  Don't forget to support local businesses and send Chinatown Love!
5 Extremely happy I decided to give this place a try after seeing it recommended by a few Youtubers recently.  I've had my fair share of soup dumplings in my life, especially in the NYC area, but generally don't get all the hype about them. However, I was honestly shocked at how delicious and fresh the pork soup dumplings were at Noodle Village. They were packed full with delicious, hot, flavorful broth and were probably the best pork soup dumplings I've ever had.  Also had the highly recommended hot pot rice (clay pot rice), which was  similarly hot, fresh, and flavorful. The toasted rice on the bottom was also perfect and almost nutty tasting.  The last dish I got was a side of chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, which was pretty standard, but fresh and cooked well.  Overall, I really enjoyed the food here, and the outdoor dining area they have is surprisingly plentiful as well. I am looking forward to coming back here, especially when it gets colder and I need to satisfy my wonton/noodle soup cravings.
5 What a place! My friend and I came here after watching youtube videos about this restaurant, and we were amazed after the visit! Food is authentic, tasty, and priced fairly given portion size. They cooked each dish to perfection, and our taste bud had a blast.  Shrimp Wonton Soup with Noodles - definitely a must! love the dish, the wonton dumplings are so fresh: shrimp seasoned just right with a hint of sesame oil. Egg noodles mixed with wonton and the warm soup surely made our outside dining experience so much better.  Braised beef and beef tendon - the tendon MELTs in the mouth! According to other reviews, this doesn't seem to be the hottest items but this is so good. I love beef tendon, and have a pretty high standard when eating them. I can tell they marinated it long enough, and had braised it long enough for it to come off soft and tasty. Highly recommend this.  XLB - soup dumpling here is good. Super thin skin and soup drips after you bite it open.  Clay Pot Rice - we ordered chicken with Chinese sausage. Chicken is so tender. You can find crispy rice on the outer rim. Worth a try.  We ordered five dishes and got super full, but only end up spending around  $28 each. This is one of the hole in the wall place that you just can't miss! 5/5 for food, based on taste and authenticity.
1 I've eaten there a few times. I ordered one of their congee to go yesterday. Later found a strand of hair inside! Ew, safe to say I won't be back again.
3 Meh. Nothing was bad but nothing was supe great. It was good comfort food but not a go to.
4 Good food so much better than the neighbors on either side.  Super good COVID-19 response. Masks sanitizer very responsible servers. . Very good service.  4.5?stars because portion could be larger for price but just barely under 5 stars!
4 One of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. We typically have the Rice Casserole (served in a clay pot), but today we had to have a nice quick lunch. So Siu Loong Baos (pork / Pork & Crab); Fried Dumplings; Brisket Noodles were relished.  We walked away thinking about what to order the next time around. Been here many times and have NEVER been disappointed on iota!  Gotta Try It for YOURSELF, you will not feel otherwise....
3 I came here on a girl's date with my friend, Karishma, who has never had congee, and their chicken congee is actually good, except it's served in a plastic bowl(pandemic?). There's only a few outdoor sittings available, they take temperature and enforce hand sanitizer before using the bathroom. We ordered clams, fried chicken, lemon ice tea and xiao long bao (pork). The XLB was not tasty when cold, almost funky, I didn't finish mine. Everything else was way too salty, Cantonese food should not be this salty. I won't recommend this place, sorry.
5 I kept coming back for Spicy tofu dish and scallion pancake! Those are SO good.
5 Came here on a weekday for lunch with a friend. I liked how there was spacious seating despite being on a cramped streets. Also thought it was great how they had the plastic glass in between tables. We ordered the steamed pork dumplings and scallion pancakes. Service was super nice and spoke both English and Chinese. Really great spot in Chinatown!
4 Great place to grab clay pot rice. They have a really nice outdoor seating where they separate everyone. The service is good, staff speaks English and area is very clean.
5 This spot was nice and staff was nice. It had outdoor tables and the food came out pretty quick. Everything was delicous for a good price.
5 If you're looking for some authentic Chinese food, Noodle Village is the place to be! It's located in Chinatown and has outdoor seatings! There was no wait when I went during dinner time.   Things I ordered: - braised beef noodles - soup dumplings - bokchoy  - beef rice hotpot
4 Small, friendly restaurant. They currently have two small tables outside for dining. The staff is fluent in English. I had the wonton noodle soup, dry beef chow fun, and seafood fried ramen noodles. The food is not as flavorful as other places, but it was still good and comforting. I liked the seafood fried noodles better which comes with squid, fishcake, imitation crab meat, fish and shrimp. Just be aware that the noodles are not crispy. It's more like lo mein. The wontons were good (shrimp and pork) but I wasn't a fan of the soup nor noodles. The soup was a bit on the bland side and the noodles tasted a little bitter.
5 Please come to this place. It's a cute nice place. The food was cheap. The noodles were so good. The veggies too! Fast service and nice staff. Would definitely come back
5 I'm such a fan of clay pot rice and the one they serve here is simply divine. Their soup dumplings are also my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE in NYC. And PLEASE do yourself a favor and try the curry beef rice rolls. It sounds crazy but is probably the best thing I've ever tasted. Sounds like I'm overhyping but I'm 100% serious. As a northerner this place changed my mind about Cantonese food.
4 Delicious bowl of noodle soup with wonton shrimp and beef tendon ($10.60). Noodles were very good, and wontons had nice plump shrimp inside. Beef tendon was nice and soft, and broth was flavorful, though a tad too salty. Overall it was very good, and friendly service!
5 This place is amazing. The noodles are super chewy and delicious (though they were a hassle to break apart). Soup is super flavorful and lightly salted. Meat was tender and delicious. Everything was delicious!  I've been to Village, it was amazing then and it's still amazing now! Highly recommend!
5 If you' want classic AND authentic Chinese food- look no further! Noodle Village has been a staple of the Chinatown area in Manhattan for ages. I can't believe that my first time trying it out was only 4 months ago!    I came with a bunch of my friends the the other day (pre-quarantine) and made sure to reserve a table first! So little background, while I was ordering (and struggling to order in Cantonese) for my group, the lady took pity on us and also offered us milk tea on the house! She was a lovely lady and took our orders quickly. What I was astounded with was how fast the food came out- it only took around 10-15 minutes for our ENTIRE order to come out)   I love the vibe of the restaurant, very homey and a great place to go with friends! The only slight problem was that it was slightly loud so I wouldn't recommend this place if you were looking for something slightly more intimate.   I HIGHLY recommend getting the fried pork dumplings, once they come out, they are steaming and glistening with oil. Eat them ASAP because when they turn cold it's not as good!   Excited to go back again sometime in the future :)  P.S : very affordable! We ordered around 12 dishes and it was around $20 per person! We were STUFFED
4 Noodle village is a restaurant for reliable Cantonese style noodles. I ordered the shrimp dumpling noodle soup and was served exactly that, no surprises. The bowl and broth was steaming hot so I waited a bit for it to cool down. The noodles were fresh and the shrimp dumplings chewy and full. Not bad for the price, however I'd suggest to order some vegetables to balance out the starchiness of the dish. Perhaps some meat as well.  Noodle Village had waiters who were really attentive and provided excellent service. Note the 5% off Yelp coupon is valid only on M - T. Not Friday through Sunday.
3 Came here on a Friday night and we had to wait for 10 min, which was not bad for a weekend dinner.  Steamed crab meat & pork soup dumplings ($8.75): I was excited to try this because I've read a lot of reviews that raved about this crab meat xlb. I thought it was good, but pretty standard. I've definitely had other crab meat xlb that were similar to this if not better. I liked the filing and could definitely taste the crab and pork meat, but it wasn't amazing either. I thought the skin was also a bit doughy for my liking.   Hot pot rice with sausage and pork ($15.50): I think I liked this dish out of everything we ordered, but this was also pretty standard. Make sure to add a few toppings to make it more flavorful, otherwise it will taste bland. But the rice was cooked well and I was able to scrap the rice off the pot to get the slightly burnt part, which in my opinion is the best part of the Cantonese clay pot rice.   Duet Lo Mien (shrimp wonton and beef) ($9.95): I was pretty disappointed in this dish as the noodle came out sooo dry. It also only had few veggies and meat that it was mostly just the noodle. I ordered this because I thought it was good for sharing as a group and it's a classic Cantonese dish, but I should've chosen something else.   I think this is a pretty standard Cantonese restaurant with lots of options on their menu and good for large parties. However, there's nothing special about this spot and the dishes I ordered were not particularly memorable. Not sure if I'll choose to come here again, but maybe I'll revisit and try other items on their menu next time.
4 I can't believe I haven't been to Noodle Village before. This place is amazing, and the food is even better!!  What we ordered: - Sausage, duck Rice Claypot - Choy (Chinese vegetables) - Oxtail Curry - Shrimp Wonton Soup - Crab XLB (Soup Dumplings)  The food was so delicious! Every dish was very flavorful and very traditional. Every bite reminded me of my grandmother's cooking, so my belly was super happy and very full. We were a party of 3 and ordered 5 dishes which were plenty for us to share. The only thing I would have changed was maybe order the Oxtail Curry with a side of rice or noodles to soak up the left over curry from the dish. We thought our Claypot rice dish would be enough to soak up the curry, but soon realized it wasn't enough. My favorite dish was the Claypot Rice dish, and surprisingly the Shrimp Wonton Soup. The Wonton is a very simple dish, but it was the perfect bite, and the filling was super smooth.  The service was great, up until we were about to pay. So if you check in on Yelp they will give you a 5% discount, which you have to pay in cash. That was definitely not an issue. The only issue was that before they gave us the bill, I spoke to the woman that I would like to activate the discount via Yelp. I showed it to her, and the waiter who was helping us the entire time told her that we get a discount. She very rudely, and abruptly took my phone from my hand to make sure my code was legit and then proceeded to mark that I will be using the code. I got a bit upset because for as long as I've been checking in on Yelp and have activated numerous coupons/codes I have never had anyone snatch my phone from me. I was surprised by her action, and was super taken aback, but I just had to mention this because I do hope that the owner would read this, and will let them know not to take another person's phone from them in the future. The least she could have done was ask to see my phone for verification. And I would not say there was a language barrier as I spoke in both Chinese and English.   Besides that incident, my overall experience here at Noodle Village was very good. I was very happy dining here, and I can't wait to come back.
3 Came here one day when I was strongly craving Chinese food, but also wanted to try a new place. We came for an early dinner, and were seated immediately.  The restaurant is large by New York standards, and is good for groups. The menu is extensive, and features a lot of variety.  Food quality is decent, and cheap. Would perhaps come back.
5 Just gonna pop in and write an update because I'm trying to support Chinatown businesses in the wake of the virus outbreak. We came by our usual time, around 2pm on Sunday and the restaurant was half empty! Pretty unusual for this spot, as it's usually packed, with at least a short 5-10 min wait around this time. As glad as I was to see the place completely free of tourists, I know it's hurting the business which is truly saddening. Please don't be ignorant - you're not going to catch corona virus by coming to or eating in Chinatown!!  Anyway I was craving my all-time favorite, steamed rice rolls, so I ordered that immediately. I always forget to snap a pic because I just dive right in without hesitation when they arrive. They seemed even more perfect than usual this time, if that's even possible. So incredibly fresh, soft, saucy - just melted in my mouth. I also got a hot HK milk tea and a Braised Beef Brisket w/ Curry Sauce Lo Mein -- both soooo good. The order of lo mein is on the smaller side, but also just the perfect amount for 2 to share if you guys are splitting other dishes. My boyfriend had to get his soup dumplings & hot pot/clay pot rice. Everything hit the spot.
1 Ate the beef lo mein, it tasted like a tire and was extremely dry. The wait staff was extremely rude and disrespectful we ordered three items to start and asked if we could keep the menu but the staff refused LOL he said "that should be enough for you". Overall horrible experience wouldn't recommend.
4 One of my favorite lunch spots in Chinatown. The hk style rice noodles with peanut butter dice is a must. Sauce is thick and yummy. You can go wrong with their dumplings. All kinds: soup dumplings, steamed ones, fried ones, watercress, wonton. All good. I live the watercress ones. Their lo mein noodle is so so. It lacks flavor. Service is good and quick. They take credit cards, which makes it very convenient. You supposed to get a 10% off your bill when checking in with yelp but I don't think they honor mine.
5 Amazing little spot in Chinatown! Very authentic flavors, amazing taste! I've never had Dim Sum.. very great first experience here! Walked all the way from the Village for some amazing food. Will definitely be back (: great service.
5 Went for late dinner on a Saturday night and the restaurant was pretty much empty, which is a change of pace from my previous experiences for weekend dinner. Ordered the shrimp wonton noodle soup, which is a classic here. Also have been seeing a lot of reviews about the ox tail curry so I caved and ordered it, and it did not disappoint. Wish I had a side of rice to finish up the curry. The XLB here is so-so. Definitely better options in the neighborhood if that is your main motivation for coming here.
3 The chicken congee and wonton is good, but the beef curry is kinda of a scam... too many beef skins and rice rolls
5 This is my go-to spot spot for Cantonese comfort food. I've been coming here for years whenever I hear the pangs for pan-friend flat noodles, sampan congee, wonton noodle soup, or that delectable beef brisket rice noodle curry hotpot. Just like home, the food is never to greasy, but just like a great Chinese restaurant, all the dishes have "enough wok-hay." Admittedly it is tight quarters, so expected to either share a table or knock-elbows with other diners. Food always comes out quickly and hot. Vegetarians options are also aplenty. I've been able to help fellow dinnermates substitute out meats or identify meatless options without a problem. There is a card minimum though, I believe its about 20 dollars. Otherwise, I'll also make a plug for their drinks especially their hot milk tea and sweet lemon tea, which both remind me of those I've had in Hong Kong.
5 Came here with two friends and was actually not super hungry when I arrived.. but the food was so good that I became hungry! Not a super large establishment and we actually sat at a large circlular table with another set of people which happens a lot in Asia, but doesnt usually happen to me in the States. Personally didn't love that part, but didn't want to wait longer for another table.   I loved their wontons and soup dumplings! Their pork congee is also really good (though I think my friends and I all just ate the congee without actually eating the pork bc ~ flavor ~). Also tried the chicken noodles in soup, but it didn't amaze me as much as the rest of the dishes. I wouldn't get it again if I came back, but can see myself craving it if I'm ever sick and need some asian style chicken noodle soup. We also got the fried man tou with condensed milk, but it's basically what you can get anywhere else / tasted like every other fried bun I've ever had haha.   Would definitely come back to get more shrimp wontons, soup dumplings, and a different type of congee!! SO CHEAP!!!  Also just noticed it's 5% off if you check in on Yelp so don't forget to do that like I did!
3 Not bad!  The noodle soup was pretty average the sauce was a bit different but can't tell if it's better or worse. The steak noodle my friend got looked good!!  They also have ramen  :)   We had crispy fried wontoN with sweet sauce Very crispy !!!
4 If you're looking for authentic soup dumplings look no further. Delicious, quick, genuine. A little hard to find hole in the wall, but that makes this spot even more of a treasure. I also love the hot tea served with every meal. I will say that although my fried rice was good I asked for no bean sprouts and it came loaded with bean sprouts.
1 Total s$&t, pun intended. I was dying for soup & on the recommendation of many others, including my fellow yelpers, I sauntered in. It wasn't busy & I was seated right away I ordered the shrimp/pork noodle soup & a green vegetable. I ate it all & the taste was meh at best. I've had way better at the myriad places I've eaten in Chinatown. Service was typical for the neighborhood. However within 3 blocks the fireworks began. At first I got grumbling going on big time in my stomach. Then the farts which I thought I was handling pretty well until boom! I sharted. Just like that on Mott 5 minutes after I left the restaurant. Very unhappy. And now my underwear is in the trash at the first place I could find to let it all rip.
4 We went as a group and tried various  dishes. Absolutely loved the soup  dumplings. The chicken fried rice was also incredible. Surprisingly though , the shrimp lo mein was our least favorite entree.
5 Real exciting place and great food. Not the ideal place for a vegetarian (all the flavors come from meat bases, which is why it's probably delicious).  Sampled the curry tofu noodle soup, Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce, and the water rest dumpling noodle soup. Good prices and portions, but the important thing is taste here. Their food tastes good. My picky boomer parents can't wait to go back. Vegetarians don't waste your time unless you want a fried rice, (but keep in mind--it's called Noodle Village for a reason).
2 The food was average (at best) and the waitstaff ignored us for a majority of our visit(we had to wait 10 minutes to have our order taken even when i was trying to get their attention politely).Then, at the end of our meal, they suddenly wanted to give us attention because, it was time to pay and the waiter(who wasnt even our original waitress) rudely demanded a tip(which we were going to pay but we usually leave the tip on the table after receiving our change and receipt) so we had to give him the tip instead of our waitress... Hopefully she got some of it. However, i will not be back any time soon.
5 Soup dumplings and fried dumplings are where it's at!! Great vegetable side dishes, but I didn't love the beef brisket soup. Scallion pancakes are also yummy. The staff is always nice  and very quick, but you do have to ask for a water, they bring you tea instead when you first sit down. Cash only, but they do have an ATM. Very affordable and always my go-to for Chinatown.
5 Everything was DELICIOUS. Even their shrimp friend rice tasted amazing; something so simple but perfect    Definitely recommend. Very friendly staff. Always a packed house but to me, it just shows how goood the food is.
5 We had a great dinner at Noodle Village! The menu has a lot of options and it's really reasonably priced. Our skeptical 8 year old was able to find a lo mein dish that she liked!  Had to edit to say- we visited on a Friday night around 7 and were sat right away. Service was speedy and food started coming out in less than 5 minutes.
4 busy place; they'll write you an incomprehensible number on a slip of paper and call you in when they're ready to seat you to squish you onto a communal table with zero elbow room. but thats ok :) massive menu with lots of cantonese and dimsum favorites.  got the 40A chicken congee with chicken and scallion and it was deeeeply rich with creamy umami flavor. wonton noodle soup and century egg congee was good as well. soup dumplings are alright, better elsewhere at more specialty places but not bad for the price. restrooms are cleaner downstairs heh.  good solid joint to bring the family; theres something for everyone and food comes out fast and the wait goes quickly. takes card and cash.
4 It's smaller seating than other cantonese restaurants and it's probably not as well known as Joe's but I'm a regular here. Their congee is better than the rest of Chinatown, their fried cruellers are fresher than Big Wong's and their soup dumplings are just as good as Joe's.  But honestly I'd rather wait 0-10 minutes to go to Noodle Village, have their awesome wonton noodle soup, gai lan, XLB and just have an overall awesome meal for less of a wait and less cost than other chinatown places.  It's 4 stars because there's room to improve, it's not insanely better to the point where it's far ahead of its competition.  It's a great take out place for those who live in Chinatown, they used to be cash only but now it appears they're accepting credit card.
3 Noodle Village is an OG Chinatown spot known for their soup dumplings and dumpling soups. Er, wonton soup.  I came this summer and found it to be perfectly average. My party of six had called ahead but it didn't seem to matter-- the host didn't listen to us and there were plenty of tables. Traditional dining room, no frills. Service is reasonably attentive, if not overly friendly. Prices are reasonable but not a bargain.  The soup dumplings were the best of what we had but not stand out for me. I thought the shrimp wonton soup and brisket soup were average; nothing particularly wrong but a bit bland.  Clearly beloved by some for XLB but they have stiff competition within throwing distance that I'd choose over here.
4 Ordered the wonton noodles, spicy fish balls, and pork soup dumplings when I was here! Everything was delicious and also a good deal. I've been searching for a good wonton noodle place in New York for a long time and so far this might be the best and most authentic yet. The noodles themselves were a great texture and chewy, I just wished the wontons themselves were a little more flavourful. The spicy fish balls were nothing special, I thought they'd be like the HK style curry fish balls but they were literally just fish balls covered with spicy sauce that was also provided at the table. It was still tasty though. The soup dumplings were decent but I felt that the skin was a little too thick and a little tough when it was brought out. May just be that since we came during the afternoon, it wasn't as fresh as it would be during lunch time or dinner time when they make it fresh. Overall would come again and try out other stuff on their menu!
4 I ranked Noodle Village three stars when I came here six months ago. Just basic.  Today I'm upping the rank to four stars!  It's still just curves good food but admittedly has a great flavor.   Fried rice, cone (with black egg and oyster), and soup dumplings.  All really great! :)
4 I came here because I heard good things about their congee. The restaurant was busy, but I was seated right away. I ordered the pork and century egg congee, and my food came within ~7 minutes.   The congee was steaming hot and was the perfect dish for a rainy winter day. Pieces of ginger added a refreshing secondary flavor to the bits of chewy pork and flavorful egg. With a dash of sriracha and soy sauce, I found the meal pretty tasty and filling. I was stuffed afterwards and satisfied with the generous portion size.  Best of all, the meal came out to $7! Like most Chinatown establishments, the food here is so cheap that you can really try out a diversity of dishes without hurting your wallet. I've heard good things about their other menu options, so I'd definitely like to come back and try them out.
4 Super bomb and affordable food ! I was wondering around trying to find some Asian food and happened to run across this place. Bomb dumplings and amazing Chinese broccoli. 8/10 would recommend. The only thing I wasn't a fan of was the ramen. It had no flavor , the beef had a lot of fat on it but either than that everything else was great
4 We came here twice in a week that tell you how good it is. It serves authentic Cantonese cuisine and I meant it. We didn't know any Chinese foods in NY Chinatown so we asked our friend who recommended it to us. It never disappointed me. We ordered congee, wonton soup, chinese broccoli, etc. All came out great. I highly recommend it.
5 I LOVEEEE THIS PLACE! The food might be slightlyyy overpriced for that area since there are quite a few spots that have very similar food for cheaper BUT the quality of the food is amazinggg! Plus the staff is very friendly and nice. I am a huge fan of wonton noodles and their wonton noodles are truly different from those typical Chinese restaurant. Is so good, i highly recommend it to someone who loves wonton as much as i do!! Have eaten here multiple times already and will definitely continue to recommend people to dine in for their soup dumplings and wonton noodles!!
5 Better than my expectation, authentic chinese food We ordered so many dishes and we spent less than 17 USD (6 dishes for 3 persons) 1. Fried Wontan with salt and sour spource: this menu is so so good, once we got it we finished it so fast then ordered for the new one it is super good  2. Shirmp Wonton Noodle: this is so good shirmp in the wontan is so big and noodle was cooked on point, still Al Dan Te  3. Fish Claypot (hot pot): you can choose any meat you want such as pork, spare rib or fish, the rice was well-cooked and fish was fresh  I recommended all you guys to try
4 Delicious! We wanted to grab a quick dinner in Chinatown and were looking for something affordable and authentic, and this place hit the spot! Hubby got the devilish noodles, which was a spicy hot seafood ramen soup. We don't eat pork, and luckily the broth was non-pork based. It was the perfect meal for a cold December night! It is spicy so be careful.  I got beef fried rice because I'm not the bravest eater. It was SO flavorful, the beef was soft and cooked just right. We also got shrimp spring rolls which were some of the best we've tried! We came on a Sunday evening and the place was packed, but we got seated right away. It was clean and had a decent ambiance, even though it wasn't too pricey you didn't feel like you were sitting in a dump to get a quick cheap meal. The service was good, plenty of servers walking around to refill your tea and bring you anything you need. They were also crazy fast. We got our food maybe 5-7 minutes after ordering, not exaggerating, but it tasted fresh and well cooked! The only reason I'm giving it 4/5 is because we had heard a lot of good things about their soup dumplings, but we couldn't try any because they all have pork. The menu is limited for non-pork eaters, and even more limited for vegetarians. But overall, we had a great time and will definitely be back!
3 Came here to try their soup dumplings. If you've never had soup dumplings before, they're okay. But if you've had soup dumplings before, these ones are disappointing. They are small, the skin is very sticky and breaks instantly, and the meat inside has hard chunks.
4 Delicious, high-quality, and low-priced dishes - the absolute package. While the food is excellent, the customer service could use some improvement. They need a better queuing system with employees who are friendlier and more welcoming. During my experience, they were rather rude and just trying to have quick customer turnover to fill the tables. Despite this, Noodle Village is a staple go-to if you're in Chinatown.
5 So good that I went twice within 3 days... do not judge me.  The same way I am always on a good hunt for the best oatmeal cookie or cupcakes, congee is def in the same hunt.   I know I know. It's congee. It's simple, but I think the ambiance, cozy feeling of it, and the quick delivery reminds me of my upbringing.   Hidden somewhere off Mott St. Noddle Village offers affordable meals. also, had soup dumplings for the first time here, and my goodness. Just the right amount for the right price.   I ordered seafood and the second time, chicken with ginger and scallion. Simple. But so good, could use some flavor or additional seasoning like SALT. Or soy sauce. And all that's available on the table of course.   You need to also eat this with the Chinese donut. Traditionally, add to your congee. So it can soften up and fill your tummy! (:   Depending on the congee, will vary from 5.95-9.95 per bowl (and they get big too like the seafood congee!), soup dumplings as starters are only $5.99! So affordable.
5 god the soup dumplins, wonton noodl soup and congee r so good here, i feel like all the menu items will not dissapoint as there is no extraness and  everythin is as one would expect.  I also like how busy and speedy it gets , def recommend!!
1 Hands down, one of the worst wonton soups I ever had. The noodles smell terrible and it over powered the entire soup. Very unfortunately considering how many reviews and stars.
1 I don't know if my review is based on lack of palate for authentic Chinese food (as the recommendations we had mentioned this place was "authentic") or if it is just a really bad place overall. I do trust my palate though.   We ordered noodle soups - beef and vegetable ones. The noodles smelled and tasted like they had been packed in a cleaning product box, the broth was tasteless, the beef was super chewy and filled with tendons and fat (which usually is the good part) but not in this soup - it was just all around NOT A GOOD EXPERIENCE. We didn't finish our meal. We also had the veggie dumplings which were okay (we were hungry) and the hot tea was just boiled water.
3 Having lived in New York City my while life and passing by this restaurant multiple times, I finally got to try this place. This place is usually packed (mainly with tourist) After 6pm, you will need to wait for a while for seating. Place isnt so big and when its busy it gets very crowded that you need to be careful walking by the tables. The bathroom is downstairs and if you are tall, you need to be careful to not hit your head on the way down the stairs. Two bathrooms and are neutral. Was quite dirty when I went to use one.  Now, the food. We ordered one batch of shanghai soup dumplings. This was probably the only  dish I liked and tasted good. One order has six pieces. It was good and meaty with a good amount of juice inside. Be careful though and let the dumpling cool a bit before eating. Otherwise you'll burn your tongue. The sliced fish congee was mediocre. My friend wanted it. It wasnt a bad congee but nothing impressing. I added black pepper to it to give it more flavor. I usually dont like too salty food but this congee wasn't salty.  The watercress shrimp dumpling dry noodle was the worst. The noodles were long and tangled like hair. Could barely split it apart. It also tasted bitter which was unusual. Had two pieces of choy sum on the side which were cold. Had five pieces of watercress dumplings and those tasted okay. Get a soup noodle instead of dry. I never tasted bitter noodle before. Ew. Overall, I doubt i will come here again. This place is known to tourists mainly. But if I was a tourist and want soup dumplings or cantonese food in general, there are other better places in chinatown.
3 Total bummer that my favorite place for soup dumplings was closed for renovations.  But this was a pretty ok runner up.  The scallion pancakes were yummy as was the sauce that accompanied them.  The soup dumplings here were tasty but slightly too big. The point of the soup dumplings is to fit the whole thing in your mouth (and the ones at the other place -insert sad-faced emoji-fit perfectly) so that when you bite into it, the soup doesn't go everywhere.  But, the service was very attentive. They treated us like we were celebrities. So, thumbs-up!
5 Attention fellow vegans: get the tofu noodle soup (#91) with the curry option.   I kid you not: this is the best bowl of Chinese noodle soup in the city.  HUGE portion for a cheap AF price.
4 First time and we will go again! From the adults, teenagers, to my 5 year son! We enjoy the food and our drinks!
5 I've never had a bad meal here whether it is Dim Sum, Soup, Mains or Small Plates it's all good.  Big fan of the brisket/wanton soup, that's my go to.
4 Another great Chinese restaurant that can be found in New York's China town. The staff were very accommodating since we came in with a party of 13. The authenticity and taste of the dishes absolutely blew my mind. The restaurant is also kept clean and is fairly easily accessible. The ox tail soup was phenomenal and I wouldn't hesitate eating here again.
5 One of my favorite places in Chinatown. Probably come here every other month. The soup dumplings are great. Also always get the wonton noodle soup and glutinous/steam rolls with peanut sauce. Non Asian friends also enjoy the food here
4 We were originally going for a different restaurant but were turned away.  Somehow the place was not open.  So we started backtracking and looking for another place to visit.  We came across Noodle Village.  The only reason we went in was because of the rating by NYC.  Once we sat down we were greeted by the waiter and everything came really quickly.  The personnel was decent...did not have to wait for help.  The food was most impressive.  I really enjoyed this place.  A very good place for soup dumplings.  We really enjoyed their scallion pancakes as well.  This place packed up really quickly so I would come early.  It seems to be a popular spot.  Try it.  I will definitely return here.  Enjoy!!
3 Maybe I came on an off day? Unpopular opinion here, but I was not as impressed with Noodle Village.  WAIT - The place was packed when we stopped by around 8pm on a weeknight. Yet, we were able to instantly get a table after the first two soup dumpling places didn't work out (both turned out to be over an hr wait).  FOOD - We ordered the pork soup dumplings, scallion pancake and of course, one cannot go to Noodle Village without getting noodles, so we tried the seafood noodles. The soup dumplings were alright. The skin was quite thin but the flavor was good. The scallion pancake was hard to chew and the seafood noodles were probably my least favorite dish -- the seafood didn't taste very fresh.   The prices are very reasonable for Chinatown and if you're paying in cash, they offer a 5% discount with Yelp check-in.   OVERALL - My experience here was average. I think I'll stick with Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai 21 for my soup dumpling cravings.
5 Fast service. Loved their soup dumplings. The fried buns were alright. Scallion pancakes were a mistake. I definitely would go back here for the pork soup dumplings. Next time, I'lol for sure try their noodles because they looked delicious.
5 SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!!  We ordered one order, then ordered another after we finished the first batch. After we finished the second batch, we ordered two more. The crab and pork ones were unreal and the chili oil to accompany is the cherry on top.   We also got seafood noodles, oxtail curry, vegetable dumplings, SCALLION PANCAKES (so crispy and not overly oily), everything was legit.   BTW this place is BYOB. They don't sell liquor here.
4 We popped by here after our third attempt of getting soup dumplings in Chinatown because the first two places didn't take credit cards (and thankfully this place did). The wait was about 10-15 minutes and the place was packed to the brim. The servers were definitely efficient and worked well to keep everything moving along.   In our effort to try as many places to eat in New York, we only shared a couple of dishes from the menu to make sure we had more room for other foods. They give you complimentary hot tea that I actually liked a lot and helped keep me warm on a breezy day. We ended up getting the crab meat soup dumplings and shao mei pork and shrimp dumpling dim sum dish. The shao mei was alright but I think I'd opt for another dish next time. The soup dumplings were pretty good and had a lot of flavor to it. I wouldn't mind coming here again but I'd also like to try the other places that Chinatown has to offer first
4 We have high bar when it comes to Chinese food and many restaurants in Chinatown have been disappointing so I was a bit skeptical to try this place but everything turned out to be really good and authentic! They accept cash and all staff speak English. Service is not bad either for Chinatown standard if you know what I mean....here's what we ordered:   1) Hot pot rice with sausage - so delicious! The rice on the bottom is extremely crispy. Make sure you ask for the sauce. They forgot to bring us the sauce  2) Mixed tea and coffee - good   3) San Tin Chicken congee - supposedly they only sell 10 bowls / day per their menu but not sure if it's true. It's a bit on the watery side in terms of texture but the flavor is great. If you like eating chicken with bones this would be a good dish to order   4) Shrimp fried rice - delicious as well  5) Fried dough - Very crispy. Not soggy or stale.   Will def return again!
5 Am I a dumpling fan? Yes. Am I a rice fan? Yes.   If you are too, you absolutely must go to this restaurant. The food is delicious and comes out extremely hot and fresh in a reasonably fast amount of time. This restaurant is BYOB so bring your beer and wine!  They charge a small fee to open it there but it's much cheaper than any wine you could buy at a restaurant.   I highly recommend getting the dumplings for sure and checking out the rest of their menu.
5 This place has the best soup dumplings. I have tried so many places for soup dumplings in chinatown and found this place has the best texture of the meat inside, not mushy. The congees are also good, not so thick or watery congee even when you leave the congee and eat other stuff first the congee won't be watery. I also like the fried buns with condensed milk. The waiters are very attentive to refill your tea when they are not busy but when they are busy you have to call them. The place is a little tight but they have good amount of seatings. I always went during off peak hours and got seated right away  If you go during rush hour, you have to wait from 30min to 1hr.
4 Noodle Village is a reliable spot for Chinese food - their food spans many regional cuisines. So you're traveling miles with a few mouthfuls.  We always order a basket or two of soup dumplings, and the heaping plate of greens. After sampling a number of things off the menu, my favorites continue to be the Century Egg Congee and Devilish Ramen as mains. The Golden Crullers are a yummy add-on dipped into both ramen broth and eaten with congee.  Happy eating!
4 Noodle Village serves a classic Chinese Wonton Noodle Soup - my dad's favorite! I also ordered a salty fish clay pot rice which is also a classic Chinese dish. The clay pot rice was extra crispy on the bottom where it is touching the surface of the clay pot and was cooked to perfection. I do think if you speak Chinese and are proactive in getting the server's attention will help you immensely in getting quicker service. Super great meal and prices are reasonable and it's an overall good deal at Noodle Village in Chinatown, Manhattan.
2 Food good. Service awful. Overpriced.   Sat down and had 3 servers ask me to order right after I ordered. Then kept pushing when I got my food for me to order more. Ugh FUCK OFF I ALREADY BOUGHT $60 WORTH OF SHIT FOR 2 PEOPLE
5 In desperate need of a warm hug on a gloomy Monday, we decided to try out Noodle Village on Postmates. We ordered the shrimp wonton soup and soup dumplings. Both dishes were cheap, prepared quickly, and most importantly, DELIGHTFUL! The shrimp wonton soup was full of flavor and generous for the price. While we slightly favor the soup dumplings at Shanghai 21, the soup dumplings from Noodle Village were very tasty and satisfying. Will definitely be ordering from/eating here again.
4 I have been there twice, and I love the place! So much variety of good Chinese food, and the price is cheap. Last time we ordered beef tendon over rice, soup dumplings, and pig intestine congee; and they were amazing. I would love to go back there quite often. If you crave for good authentic cheap Chinese food, then I highly recommend this restaurant to you. I grew up eating pig intestine put into my porridge (aka congee), and soup dumplings. Therefore my standards are lit. Lol. Why do you need to Ding Tai Fung for xiao long bao? They're served over here with cheaper price! Recommend any type of their congee. Seriously, they are that good!  I would love to give them a solid 5 stars, but last time we ate on Sundays, and they kinda gave us an attitude that whenever I finish your food, I should leave the store soon. They were not aggressively telling you that to your face, but you can hear that in their conversation with the customers who are still waiting for tables. It's absolutely not rude, but a little, ya know. My friend told me it's part of their culture. So I understood.
5 This is a good place to get Chinese noodles! I typically order their wonton noodle soup & I love how they have sizes so I can order a smaller one if I'm not feeling too hungry. It's also decently priced and their service isn't too bad, but I only come once in a while because I just don't eat wonton noodle soup that often.
3 I've came here for lunch once with a friend last year. The restaurant isn't that spacious, but good for a small group meal. The service is fair, but some of the servers can be a little rude.   My friend and I tried the following:  Steam Rice Roll with Hoisin Sauce - the steam rice roll was on par with some of the ones I've tried before in different restaurants before. I like that this restaurant adds extra sauce.  Clay Pot Rice with Beef - it's been a while since I had a clay pot rice so my friend and I ordered it. It wasn't really what I expected because the beef was cut super big. I was expecting it to be cut in a little chunks.  I like that this restaurant offers an array of menu items you could find at other Chinese/Asian restaurant in Chinatown. The restaurant is also cash only.  The experience here was okay, nothing too exciting. Food is average, but not a place that wow'ed me.
4 We came here on a Friday evening around 6:30pm and were seated almost immediately, although there were people waiting as well. We got gai lan, chicken congee with fried dough, pork xiao long bao, and fried rice. The fried rice, congee, and gai lan were all great. However, the xiao long bao meat was too fatty for my taste and I wouldn't order it again. I was disappointed after hearing such good things about the xiao long bao from other people. But if you like fattier meat, these would be right up your alley. A solid choice for Chinese food in the area.
5 Service was quick, efficient and the dishes were fresh and flavorful.  We ordered the crispy spring rolls,  shrimp fried rice, chicken pan fried noodle with a braised beef brisket. All the dishes were excellent and served hot and fresh.
5 I love this place!! I get their wonton noodle soup and add their spicy sauce which is amazing. My friends or parents and I usually split the beef tendon (it's kinda gooey so some people might not like the texture) and a vegetable dish. Overall, great price and really tasty!
3 Lo mein no good. Dry, sauce is lackluster. Soup dumplings decent. Tofu curry noodle soup the most decent. Chinese greens always fresh. Fried rice was simple and tasty.
4 My boyfriend and I were visiting my sister in the city and she brought us here for some good Chinese food. My mind was already made up on ordering soup dumplings, and honestly, they were pretty good. I was impressed by the amount of soup in them so I was happy. My sister let me try her Shrimp Wonton Lo Mein and I really liked the thin noodles, which came with a wonton soup for you to dip your noodles in. My boyfriend got the Pork in Hot Spicy sauce Lo mein, which he enjoyed as well -but didn't think they were very spicy at all. Overall, it was a good meal for us at the end of the day.
5 Went here with some of my colleagues last week and was positivly suprised. Restaurant was full, but after some moving of tables the restaurant found us a space quickly. Instantly received some great tea and the menu, which has a large selection of different dishes. The food itself was great. The noodlesoup I got was properly sized and had lots of quality meat in it. Really recommend trying the place out. Quality Vs Price is top notch.
5 Great place, the food here is pretty large potion, but with a low price, and love the noodle, I will come back again
1 I've been here a few times. The dumplings are pretty good. But most recently I ordered beef tendon noodle soup from here and it gave me food poisoning so I have no choice but to give one star. In hindsight I should have seen it coming. The place is not the cleanest and some of their plates/bowls smelled subtly of piss. Tbh I'd probably go back and be more careful but the people need to hear my story of getting food poisoning from their beef tendon noodle soup.
5 This is the best spot in Chinatown for soup dumplings. The skin is super thin, there's a pool of juice inside each dumpling, and the price really can't be beat. Their wonton was pretty good here as well, but the soup dumplings are really the main star here.
4 This is another restaurant definitely worth visiting if you're just exploring Chinatown. The size of the restaurant is pretty good, it's not too small that you feel like you're having dinner with your neighbors, but also not a huge place where you won't have to wait for a table during meal times.   I ordered soup dumplings and pork/shrimp shumai, shumai is similar to normal dumplings, but with less dough on the outside compared to normal dumplings. I really enjoyed the soup dumplings here and highly recommend trying them out. If I compare them to the other soup dumplings I had at the Shanghainese restaurant I went to, the ones I had here at Noodle Village are a bit better. The dumplings are infused with so much juicy soup that you can see the pretty glaze of it from the outside. My friends ordered shrimp wonton noodles and I have never seen her enjoy a meal more than the way she ate those noodles. She went to Hong Kong this past summer and said that it tasted just as good as the shrimp wonton noodles she had there. So if you're in the area give this place a try if you're in the mood for some good dumplings and noodles.
5 I'm from Montreal, and I've pretty much lost hope on Chinatown food in Montreal because it straight up sucks . Now have you ever lost hope on something then one day discovered your saviour? This place is my saviour...amen. I'm feeling like Zelda trying to seal Ganon for over 100 years, and then all of sudden a boy in his underwear wakes up from his slumber and glitched straight to Hyrule Castle and saved the day.     I came here on a hot summer day in July, and I'm writing this on a cold, no sun and  greyish day in Montreal, and now all I want is to get back there and eat until I hate myself.   Now, enough non sense, here's what I ate. Noodles, dim sums, and a weird piece of pork ( I'm guessing the remains of ganon). Delicioso. 5/5.   Good day,
1 The terrible service outweighed the decent food. The servers did not willing give me water when requested, pressured everyone at my table to tip assuming we wouldn't, and served everyone's food grudgingly. I personally would not recommend and hope they have an attitude change.
1 The worst service I've ever received since I've been on this earth. Of zero stars were an option this is what this restaurant would received. The food was fine but it's china town and you can find good food somewhere else. Not only were they rude our entire meal, but when my friend didn't put the tip on the recite (we were going to tip in cash) the waitress yelled at us "you're gonna tip right!?". We ended up only leaving a dollar because that's more than they deserve. I hope their horrible attitudes catch up to them and their restaurant closes to be quite honest.
4 The soup dumplings here were fantastic, they rival Shanghai 21's. Wait was short and sweet, and the inside was cozy and PACKED. People seem to love this place!   We only came to sample soup dumplings, so I can only speak to those. I want to go back and try some of their noodle soups! They LOOKED delicious. The soup dumplings were priced average, had a nice, chewy & flavorful dough that was quite thin. We broke one, but the flavor was worth the hassle. Broth was rich. Love these, would definitely go back for more!
1 I came from a long bus ride and ordered the Braised Beef Brisket Lo Mei for Takeout. Braised beef was also written on the receipt, however when I opened it at home it turned out to be the Braised Beef Brisked Soup instead of the Lo Mei. Not only did I get something I hadn't ordered, but the soup had no flavor at all. Won't order here again!
4 i went here for lunch RIGHT at opening time, and it was a great experience. the place is big, had ambient lighting, the portions are big, the food is decently priced, the staff are kind, they have a restroom, and the service was quick. i have nothing bad to say about this place  next time, i think i'll get a different dish though- i made the mistake of ordering something i've never tried before, and ended up not loving it. my niece's meal was excellent, though, so i know that it was my fault and nothing to do with the quality of the restaurant.
5 This place makes me like XLBs. I never really cared for it before because previous places I went to makes bad XLBs. I order the 124. Steam Crab Meat Soup Dumplings and 61. Shrimp Wonton, Shrimp Dumplings, Cilantro & Black Egg Dumplings Soup.  The XLBs were hot, juicy, and explodes in your mouth. Remember to wait for it to cool down a bit. The skin is soft, unlike some places that make their skin tough.  For some reason, I always crave for wonton (noodle) soup. I was too full from eating all day, so I just ordered the mix of different wontons and dumplings soup without the noodles. They are so good! The soup was also very flavorful. I think I tasted dried seafood in there.  I recommend trying this place at least once.
5 Great service and great food for a very cheap price! Staff are very kind and the place is very aesthetic and clean.
4 If you're expecting great decor or service, Noodle Village in Manhattan's chinatown is not your destination. If you want well-priced and authentic HK food, this is your destination. I definitely recommend the congee!
1 tasteless noodles, dumplings (sauce also terrible) and tasteless broccoli. my least favorite restaurant in Chinatown
4 Don't come here for the ambiance, service, or decor. Noodle Village isn't vying to become your next date spot.   Take it for what it is - good, honest HK food at an affordable price point.  Commonly mentioned hits like the shrimp wonton lo mein and XLB's remain safe bets, but you'll also be rewarded with great flavor for going off the beaten path - try their congee or cuttlefish for something new.
2 This used to be one of my favorite spots in Chinatown. My best friend and I come here all the time but unfortunately, the past few visits were very disappointing. The quality has slacked so much. Some of my usual favorites are the claypot rice, pork/crab soup dumplings, wonton mein, hk styled lo mein. Flavors has been so off.   The service here is your usual unorganized/rushed "what do you want?" Chinatown standards. The furniture here could use an upgrade. It's getting old, feels dirty and uncomfortable.
5 I got pork xiao long bao and steam rice roll to-go from Noodle Village and really enjoyed them! The steam rice roll dish was a huge portion and came with a tasty dipping sauce that was tasted like hoisin sauce. The xiao long bao shifted while I was carrying them and all broke :( Nevertheless, I actually think these were the best xiao long bao I've had in the city! The dumpling wrappers were perfectly cooked, the soup was flavorful, and the meat was moist. Also, there was a good ratio of wrapper to meat.  I definitely want to come back and eat in the restaurant; there were a lot of dishes that sounded really good, and I want to try the xiao long bao in their proper state :)
5 Delicious food and fast service. Highly recommend! It does seem to get pretty crowded so expect a little bit of a wait
2 Non Asians get served when they get around to it as I observed in my 1 hour there. Patrons are seated in community style as the seating is that way, so people who came way after us got food immediately who were Chinese. We ordered ramen which doesn't take that long and we waited 25 min. I ordered Heaven Ramen and mine came out about 10 min after my friends. We never got our Shui Mai that we ordered as an app. We waited and waited and after we were done eating we waited so we gave up. People all around us got dumplings quickly. The Heaven Ramen was ok, my other friend got brisket ramen and said it was good. I have had far better ramen around metro Boston where I live.  Portions are large but the long wait for food it not worth it.
2 Came do to reviews.  Interior is clean.  Food was ok.  Had seafood ramen - no flavor, and shanghai soup dumplings was ok.   Service was a bit rude.  Gentleman started out saying took a long time to pick one dish.  When I paid cash, employee just took the money from my hands.  Don't recommend.  Had better.
5 3 must have dishes at this place: - XLB - Hot Pot Rice - Sha Tin Chicken Congee (limited daily)  This is a no frill authentic Cantonese restaurant in a HK tea restaurant style. A nice surpise here is that their XLB or soup dumpings are probably the best that I've had in Chinatown. The limited chicken congee is out of the world good, for anyone who had a long day and just wanted to warm up their stomach. The Hot Pot Rice is almost our to go choice everytime. With generous portions here, the only disappointment is that you couldn't order more.
1 Got curry beef brisket over rice to go. The sad thing is no brisket but bunch of un-chewable connective tissue. See photo. This is only half of it.  What a disappointment. Friend commented it is not even fit for his dog. Shame on you noodle village.
5 Hands down the best Chinese restaurant in nyc if you are looking for reasonably priced AND high quality soup dumplings and everything congee and noodle (noodle soup, lo mein etc). Their soup dumplings is prob even better than joe Shanghai's in my opinion....noodle's portion size is just about right - if you are hungry, can order the large one but regular size is just good enough so you have a bit room to try other dishes as well. highly recommended!
4 Great place for bargain lunches and delicious quality. I enjoy gettin their large noodle soup options because it's great amount to share. There's also appetizers that are great too like their scallion pancakes. Definitely my preferred soups are their wonton noodle soups. They have other noodle dishes that aren't in the soup category that's also tasty too!
4 Well well I guess this old school place is quite legit in making authentic Hong Kong style food. A girlfriend of mine recommended me to come here for some tasty dumplings and some wonton soup.   So I recently walked over here from Chelsea and decided to enjoy a nice lunch here. Got a ice lemon tea which was made to perfection. I really did feel like I was living the life of a fast paced Hong Kong style cafe.   It was busy, filled with people and overall the waitresses spoken in Cantonese! Must try the dumplings and the wonton soup. They have chili oil on the table so use some of that if you like to enjoy a spicy kick to your food.   I was seriously blown away by the flavor inside these dumplings!! We got the original and it wasn't even the crab one. But maybe next time when I'm back I'll have to order that. Loved the experience and I'm glad that are keeping it traditional!!!
5 Terrific congee and hotpot price. Also the fried cruller is my fav.   The fish ball is terrific too. The texture is very different from the type of fish ball you get at supermarket. The taste and texture of real fish is rare to find in nyc.
4 Friendly and speedy service. Amazing XLB! Could come back and order nothing but the XLB and inhale them alone. Awesome jook with pork and preserved egg, and loved the wontons sans noodles.
5 Superb congee. Fantastic milk tea. Great restaurant. Service is also very nice. Highly recommended
4 I loved this place, very authentic! Not a lot of privacy since you sitting right next to others, but overall a good ambiance. I recommend getting the xiao long bao and dumplings
4 Ohh yeah. Craving noodles? There's soup noodles, pan fried, Hong Kong style and lo mein. There's XLB too, and rice in a pot and stuff over rice if you don't feel like noodles.  Fish skin Crispy bordering on crunchy as it was a little harder than usual, but it's a healthy alternative to chicharon lol!  Oxtail curry noodles with flat rice noodles (ho fun) These noodles are right up my alley!! Wide but thin, the soft noodles are a pleasure to eat. The oxtail could be more tender, but the flavor is just bomb. So good! What I did find odd was that the noodles came as soup noodles with clear broth, while the oxtail was in a smaller dish by itself. I thought it was stir fried or a curry soup noodle, but maybe I was just a little confused.
5 Wish I could give this place more than 5 stars. 10 stars. Take all the stars. Best seafood ramen and soup dumplings I've ever had! The seafood ramen is called Heaven Ramen and rightfully so. I keep dreaming about it. It was steaming hot and loaded with fresh sea food and noodles. The soup dumplings had a very thin skin but surprisingly didn't break upon picking them up with chopsticks like others I've tried with thinker skin. They were loaded with hot soup and melt in your mouth. The restaurant is small with a lot of the seating being family style. Plenty of restrooms downstairs. Great price and quality, delicious food. Quick service. Tip- try not to sit under a ceiling fan if you are a slow eater, will cool your food down quickly. Wasn't a problem for me as I pretty much inhaled everything in front of me.
5 Honestly the best wonton noodles in the US. It reminds me of my favorite chain in China. Incredible soup with a springy noodles. Added bonus of no msg.  The XLBs skin is paper thin. But the pork and soup is missing something. Can't quite figure what.   5/5 just for the wonton noodles.
1 Honestly i think this place has the worst soup dumplings. It is the worst i have ever had. The soup in the dumplings were sour... and everything tasted old and disgusting. I did not finish my meal and i was super disappointed. It truly baffles me to see how many people praise their food here. I didn't have a good experience at all and the place seems so dirty hence the "grade pending" sign outside the restaurant. Would not recommend and would not go back.
4 Solid Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown. We came and ordered a bunch of things. What we really liked was the beef brisket lo mein and the beef hot pot rice. The beef brisket was very tasty with a lot of flavor and literally melts in your mouth. The beef hot pot rice came out steamy hot and they give you this sweet soy sauce to pour over it. Because the rice was steamed in a pot, it was crunchy on the bottom and gave it a nice flavor.  Other items we had that we were not so impressed:  1) scallion pancake. Way too greasy. Taste like it was deep fried instead of pan fried. Did not taste homemade but more frozen.   2) pork soup dumplings. All we tasted was grease and not the flavor. Also we are spoiled by ding tai fong in Taiwan   3) fried chicken. Pieces of chopped fried drumsticks. I can make better fried drumsticks with my air fryer at home.   Service was ok. A hole in the wall kind of place. You come here for the food   Overall, a solid place. I would come back just for the beef brisket lo mein
3 Came here once before for the soup dumplings and dried noodle with a friend and came back again this past weekend with a group of friends who were visiting from atlanta. we were a group of 10 and I guess we came in before the big dinner rush so we were all able to site together which was nice (but as we were finishing, they kinda kicked out us LOL since there was a line of people waiting). Anyways, the servers are pretty decent, just hussling about. The food we got this time (fried rice, seafood noodles, crab & pork soup dumplings) were okay (nothing special). Everything was okay. Don't know when i'll be back (since i'm not from the city or go as much as I use to) but if you want some soup dumplings, this place isn't bad!
4 I checked in for 5% discount honestly...  but food are great and excellent service. The pork dumplings is so awesome
5 House Fried Rice  Lollipop Chicken Wings  Dumplings and noodle soup  You won't be disappointed  Soooo good and satisfied everything we were craving!!
5 Awesome. My wife is a non supporter of dim sum and she even approved of this place. Best meal in NYC so far and would recommend.
4 Ordered the beef brisket/tendon noodle soup, which I highly recommend. The flavor of the broth was on point, and the noodles were nice and slippery (which is a quality that I've never really thought about before, but was really nice!). The meat itself was pretty tough, but had a good flavor too.
3 Came here for dinner with a friend. Overall, a pretty good place.   Had three orders of their soup dumplings. The skin is pretty thin and the actual soup is pretty good. Only complaint is that the dumplings themselves are actually pretty small, and I feel like there could be more soup in the dumplings. Or more meat. It just felt lacking.  We also got an order of noodles that also was a bit on the small side. The noodles were good, and there was a hefty amount of beef in our order, but just a little disappointing portion-wise.   Service is good here. The people can speak English decently so you won't have an issue if you aren't Chinese. While the restaurant is small (would be hard for larger groups) the tables fit mostly 2 or 4 people so you don't have to worry about sharing a table like you would at other places (aka Joe Shanghai).   Overall, a pretty decent place for soup dumplings if you are in the area. Not my top spot, but can't go wrong coming here.
3 We came in a Monday afternoon for lunch and were seated immediately. Dishes were the Shanghai soup dumplings and beef ball noodle soup.   Soup dumplings - delish! Easy to bite open but not so thin it tore before I was ready, savory, tender...I did not find them dry at all as some reviewers did.  As for the noodles, well, I felt bad for my kiddo. It was a generous size for sure, but the noodles had an unpleasant raw taste to them, like they were not fully cooked. The texture was fine enough, but the flavor was not good. The beef was ok, but my son felt it was really fatty, and it did upset his tummy afterwards.   So soup dumplings - yay. Noodle soup - nay.
3 Quick seating and efficient service. The beef in curry sauce and cuttlefish dishes had great flavor. The soup dumplings were very good.
3 When in Rome...  ok so I've heard about places on Mott  street for as long as I can remember.   What do you get when you cram 65  people into a. Space that is designed for 50 max?  You get Noddle Village.  Mix that with slow service and bad attitudes and you have lunch at the Noodle Village.  But OMG the food is great...    This makes reviews so hard.  If you really love great Dim Sum, just put all your thoughts aside and go try this place .   I had to get over myself and just enjoy the food.  I had shrimp dumplings and pork hum bow  rolls .   Love love love the food! And by the end I got over the crowded areas and poor attitudes   I have this place a 3 stars  based soly on their food.  I will likely try this again in the future to see if they do a better job next time.    As always, thanks for listening to my ramblings     Sepi
1 Good food, horrible customer service. Not sure how the tipping goes in NYC but having good customer service gets you a tip. It's not an automatic right. Our waiter guy was very rude. We asked for a refill. Instead of saying they do not give refills, he said "want more, order more". After we got our food, we were never checked on again until it was time to pay. We decided not to tip....because that is our right. I signed and we left. Before we could take 3 steps, the waitress came out the restaurant and yelled "tip". We were very confused. He said you didn't tip, it's $8 dollars. I said I know, we didn't tip bc service was bad. He just looked at us and told us to come back in to fix it. We began to just walk. BUT OMG, who leaves a restaurant to harass someone for a tip? It made us feel so unsafe!!!! We wanted to tip. The food was good. We loved it!  Also, We didn't notice the "grade pending" for their health grade until we left. Another review said it was due to roaches, mice, rats, and flies. Now I'm like you have all the violations, bad customer service, but you chasing customers for tips! WOW!
1 Full disclosure: I didn't actually enter the restaurant.  However, I did have every intention to do so, before I saw the dreaded grade pending sign.  I looked up the results, and have attached my findings here...
4 Best kai lan and traditional Won Ton Noodles ! My favorite stop when I'm in the city! Always busy !
3 The noodles were pretty good, especialky for that price. I wouldn't recommend the congee as it is completely not satiating, and the chicken parts are almost only bones. I give only 3 stars mostly because of the service which was unfriendly and impolite.
4 Very good noodles. Mediocre dumplings.  Soup Dumplings - 6/10 - they pop easily and were kind of dry. Would not order again. Wonton Soup - 9/10 - they are known for this and do a spectacular job of making it.  It gets crowded and you sit with others at the table, but overall, it was a great experience and delicious food. Stick to the noodles and avoid the dumplings and you'll have a great time!
4 According to my husband, I have been here a few times but I don't remember having the wonton noodle soup. But it's one of the best wonton I've ever had in NY. My spicy seafood ramen soup was ok, I like the soup base but I didn't like the octopus and the shrimp didn't seem fresh. The dumpling lo mein was bad either but I prefer wonton filing, taste much better!
5 Good variety of good dishes. The shrimp wonton was good. The  Everything was salty and the noise level was high, because everyone was sitting so close together, so I should maybe take a point off. But the price was fair ($36 for two).  But I think people should stop visiting overpriced, overhyped restaurants and start visiting good, clean restaurants suitable for both immigrants and native New Yorkers. Then again, judging by the number of people who come here, it's already getting noticed.
4 Food is great but the place smells like cats. We got the wonton noodle soup and for a small bowl it was so filling! Also added some scallion pancakes and youtiao for dipping. Would recommend for cheap delicious eats
5 Food was delicious. Waiters are very attentive and kind. Dumplings are amazing but the fried rice is also really good.
4 HK style restaurant. Their rice roll is a must try. The peanut sauce was really good. Also the clay rice pot was bomb! Especially the bottom part of the pot where the rice was a bit burnt and crispy!
3 Had this place bookmarked for a long time and we were somewhat underwhelmed. The wonton noodle soup was good but no better than other places we've been to. The beef hor fun was on their recommended list and it was bland, and undercooked. There's no wok hei, the smoky flavor of the wok that's essential to a hor fun. There were barely 3 pieces of beef. We had to add soy sauce, which I despise doing normally.
5 I go here all the time because they do not use msg. The food here is really good. I love their lo mein, shrimp fried rice and dumplings. I will definitely be back soon.
5 I came here 3 times in the span of a week when I first moved here because the food is that good and relatively cheap (compared to NYC, not compared to Chinatown). Wonton noodle soup - excellent. Pork and preserved egg congee - piping hot and delicious. HK milk tea - tasted very authentic. Love this spot.
4 came here with a friend and we were surprised by how cheap the prices were! the soup dumplings and egg dumplings were pretty good! the only thing is that the shanghai soup dumplings did taste very hong kong style and had a sweeter broth inside the dumpling (in case that's not what you're looking for). but overall, I think this place was pretty decent, especially for the price you're paying.
4 Wife and I were walking in China town when she suddenly stopped. Maybe it was the signs outside the store but we were the first customer and the cook was still going through his own breakfast. We ordered a wonton soup and some chengfen. Food was excellent. Taste as if we were in guangzhou. Wife was super happy cause she finished her bowl. The place must be good since it was packed when we were walking out.
4 Went on a little dumpling tour on this night. Came here for soup dumplings and thank the heavens that we did because they were delicious. The may appear a little skinny in my photo, but they were filled with soup ready to burst and seasoned wonderfully.
5 Hands down best soup dumplings in Chinatown. The skin on these bad boys are so thin you can literally see the soup in them. They glisten in ways that would make twilight vampires blush.   Full page of congee options make me very happy.   Fried fish skin app was so crispy and perfect to start and add to congee.
3 Lowered score because of a waitress named Ivy, who was unfriendly and cold. How annoying.
5 Soup dumplings. Do not sleep on the soup dumplings. Also the wonton soup, the rice porridge with fish, and the Chinese broccoli. I wanted to cry this was so yummy.
4 Truly amazing! Love love their soup dumplings, the best ones I've tried in Manhattan! All the fish balls are freshly made too! The line could be long on weekend. Highly recommended!
4 We ordered the soup dumplings, veg lo mein and a noodle soup.. we were very pleased with the food! And so light on the pocket.. definitely going back there with more
5 Absolutely delicious and will return again! I have the Congee and the soup dumplings; both were delicious and hit the spot. I have never had conky before and I am so glad I ate it here. The staff was very friendly and it had a light atmosphere. The scallion pancake was very crispy! You must definitely try this place!
5 Ive been going here for years now and this place does not disappoint. They have a great variety of cantonese style noodle shop dishes. The fried chicken wings are a great appetizer and would highly recommend. I normally get fish ball noodle soup with the rice noodles or wonton noodle soup and this place is easily one of my favorite spots!
4 Get their claypot rice! Came here on a Wednesday noon for a work lunch. I got my claypot rice with Chinese ham and sausage ($10.50).  I must say the claypot rice was very authentic! The rice was baked to a nice crisp on its side, and was very aromatic and tasty. I like the Chinese ham more so than the Chinese sausage, but both were nonetheless pretty good. I wish though the rice comes with some bok Choy like the claypot Rice you see in Hong Kong. Meat the rice ratio was skewing heavy on the rice, so wished there was more meat instead. But overall solid flavors served here.
5 I love Noodle Village. They have the best soup dumplings in town. Always served in steaming hot basket and the moment you bite into those sweet juicy buns you can't help but smiling because they are simply amazing. My other favorite dishes are the wonton soup and hot pot rice. All at very affordable prices. Great service too!
5 This is one of my grandma's favorite spots for cheung fun. Even if I am not coming here to sit down to eat their yummy noodles or congee, I will try to stop by to buy that for my granny. It has a mix of peanut butter and hoisin (?) sauce (I believe) and it's awesome! It's usually crowded (but that's how you know it's good right?) but it's worth it (your stomach might disagree when it's grumbling though).
5 Great spot for a quick Cantonese meal. Our favorite was the chicken and scallion congee. We also ordered ramen and shrimp wantons and none of them disappointed. Food came very fast as expected from Chinese restaurants. The dishes were not overly salty but also flavorful enough. Definitely met our expectations.
5 This is my favorite spot in Chinatown for wonton noddles!! I come here almost every weekend when I want a delicious lunch that's under $15!  Definitely the best spot for wonton noodles and soup dumplings. Noodle Village can get pretty crowded on the weekends during lunch time, so I recommend going either before or after the peak hours. It's a pretty small spot, so you can feel like you're back to back with other people, but come here for the food.  My go-to dish is the wonton lo mein. It's basically lo mein with wonton and the soup base is on the side. The soup dumplings, both pork and crab are delicious. I like to dip it in a little bit of the vinegar they provide, but you can also eat it anyway you like!
1 What a disappointing experience.  Shrimp wonton soup has PORK in it!! disgusting! BEWARE!! What else is advertised on the menu (not in english)?  62. Shrimp Wonton Soup  鲜虾净云吞 6.25
5 Hands down best dumplings I've ever had. You must get the Shanghai soup dumplings. I've been here twice. The first time I ordered the rice rolls hot pot with braised beef and it was ok, I'm generally not a fan of rice rolls but I enjoyed it here. The portions are also pretty big, i would say if you're getting soup dumplings get one other thing and share between two people. I also had the house special fried rice which was average but went well with the spicy sauce. The second time  I got the noodles with braised beef in curry sauce and it is to die for! I can't imagine ordering anything else over here. Their beef is so tender you can't go wrong with any beef dish.
5 Been here over 20x love everything about this place.  Super authentic Hong king style cafe.  My favorite has to be the curry oxtail! It's so flavorful.  The soup dumplings, and the beef chow fun are really good too.  Oh plus the congees, best cure for a hangover.
4 I love the braised beef brisket and wonton lo mein. For appetizers I ordered the Shanghai soup dumplings. Both were delicious! The service is pleasant and the food came out quickly. The reason why I gave this place a 4 and not a 5 is based on me having the same meal back in Sydney and that was better. But this was still the best I've had so far in NY.
3 I came here with friends for dinner one night. My friend had arrived earlier and so he was able to grab us a table pretty quickly as he was "number 1" in line, delineated by a single piece of paper.  We were seated within 5 minutes of returning to retrieve our seats. We were sat in a tiny booth in the back that was supposed to sit 2. We had a group of three. No worries. We were given tea and menus.  I quickly ordered dumplings and they came out pretty fast. They were standard dumplings, nothing to rave home about. I thought the pork and chive had too much chive and the pork was an inconsistent texture which was not a pleasant mouthfeel. The pork soup dumplings were okay -- not the best but also not the absolute worst I've eaten.  I ordered red the ginger scallion Lo mein, boyfriend ordered the heavenly ramen (without asking what was in it), and friend ordered the beef ramen. Boyfriend is allergic to seafood and the heavenly ramen is ALL seafood, but boyfriend and friend swapped so it was a non-issue. My Lo mein was okay, nothing special to write home about. It wasn't very flavorful or had a lot of ginger in my opinion, but it was okay. It came with a side of soup, which was thoroughly confusing because I did not ask for it and it looked like straight broth? Boyfriend enjoyed the ramen as did friend.   Next time, if I'm in the area and really starving I might come back. But given that there are so many restaurants in this area, I'd probably try somewhere else. Wasn't super impressed by the service or the dumplings.
4 Went seeking good dumplings and scallion pancakes with my daughter - who loves both. Fried pork dumplings were delicious.  Scallion pancakes and soup dumplings were good. Soy sauce eggs were also good. It's a nice little place - gets busy at lunch time, but device was friendly,  quick, and attentive.
4 Yummy! Found a good contender for my go-to Chinatown restaurant for noodles and small eats.   Came here with my parents on a Monday so it was not busy fortunately. We shared a whole bunch of dishes including their noodle dishes as their portions were quite large.   We started with the fried manto which you can't go wrong but wished we got it for dessert since it comes with condensed milk as a dipping sauce which is soooo good.   We also got soup dumplings, chicken congee, noodles with wonton in soup and stir fried noodles. Everything was really good and well priced. Would definitely go again!
1 Where should I start? Service was the WORST service I have experienced. We got seated, but no menus. We waited and waited. Finally got up and grabbed them. Then waited and waited to be waited on. In the meantime, the wait staff walked by us several times and never acknowledged us. Our order of fried rice, pork dumplings, and 4 spring rolls came out in phases. Well the spring rolls never came...until we asked for our check. Refused the spring rolls and asked that they take them off the bill. That didn't go over well...Oh, ask for a fork? Don't even think about it. Safe yourself the aggravation and go early to Wo Hop.
2 Not great service at all. It's apparent we weren't welcomed from the start. Only reason why we went was because Wo Hop's line was an hour long (that restaurant ROCKS!!) anyways, food at Noodle Village was really good which is why it's 2 stars.  Other than that it would be a 0.
2 So, you think you've had bad service at a restaurant and have never been here? LOLLL think again. The food is good. The service is worse than you could ever imagine. Asking for a fork more than once will get you yelled at. We also had to grab our own menus. What a clown show.
4 Tasty, authentic Hong Kong style dishes.  For 3pm in the afternoon, this restaurant was surprisingly crowded (which is always a good sign). I shared the #24 Braised Beef Brisket & Tendon and #30 Steamed Rice Rolls with Peanut and Hoisin Sauce, and both were delicious side dishes to share. The rice rolls in particular were fantastic - they were smooth and freshly steamed, and the sweet hoisin and creamy peanut sauces on top were the perfect match for it.  Others around us ordered other larger and eye-catching entrees, all of which look tasty and appetizing. I only came for a light meal but would definitely return to try more!
5 Their soup and noodle dishes are very good... Very clean and healthy... I will let this one survive...
4 Tasty food but too crowd.  I came in on Sunday afternoon around 3:00 pm.  The restaurant was full.  I had to share table with some people.  I like the food but will not come back again because the restaurant has not good environment for eating.
4 Food was very well prepared and served quick and hot. Service was lacking, but that was overshadowed by the good food. The menu had a great selection and something to offer everyone. It does get pretty busy during lunch and dinner hours.
4 We loved the noodles and the fried rice. The dumplings were pretty awesome as well. The one thing we didn't like was the braised pork which just tasted like a wad of fat and bones. We would absolutely eat here again but we wouldn't order that pork. the service was friendly and it was the total NY Chinatown experience. The fried rice was probably the best I've ever had anywhere and I would have enjoyed the noodles more if it weren't for the aforementioned pork. Don't order the crullers/doughnuts though. They come dry with nothing to top them with. No frosting, no sugar, nothing to dip them in....just nothing. We left ours sitting on the table.
5 No joke, this was one of my favorite meals during a weeklong stay in NYC! My friend and I had the classic Shanghai soup dumplings, fried pork and chive dumplings, pork and preserved egg congee, and two orders of Chinese donuts (油条, and by the way, one order of this is actually more than enough for two people to share). The soup dumplings in particular felt like a cut above most soup dumplings I've had in the US, with their thin dumpling skins and flavorful filling and soup, but ultimately everything was delicious, satisfying, and affordable, and we left completely stuffed. Be sure to get here "early" on weekends to avoid a wait--we got in right around 11:30, just minutes before a large crowd began to form outside.
4 Been wanting to try this place for the longest time and finally did. The food was affordable and delicious. Shared the soup dumplings and braised beef tendons and had a small bowl of wonton mee and it was all good. Staffs were friendly and service was quick. Would come back next time to try out the other stuff on the menu.
5 Finding authentic HongKongnese food is difficult in NY. It's amazing to have a place you can really taste like home. Softness Congee, Beef Offal, Wonton egg noodle and make try their curry. You can taste the detail of Cantonese food are. If you are looking for how real authentic ' Cantonese or HongKongnese food'. Go
5 Dumplings!!!!!  I completely agree with the rave reviews of their Shanghai soup dumplings--nearly transparent skin, perfectly balanced meaty/brothy filling. We also had the pork/chive dumplings pan fried and those were fantastic too.  If we hadn't just eaten tartufo up the street in Little Italy we'd have had two or three more orders of different dumplings. We're totally coming back here...
1 This is the worst Dim Sum I have ever tried in US. Definitely not recommend at all. The food tasted like shit and there is basically no service at all.
4 Soup dumplings: the skin on these soup dumplings is unreal: magically thin and almost transparent, you can see the pool of broth and meat inside just looking at them. The best part - very generous amount of meat to broth ratio inside the dumpling. Tastes wise, definitely one of my favorites  Braised oxtail in curry sauce: there were definitely two different batches of oxtail in here. The top layer's oxtail was very tender and easy to eat. The bottom half was filled with baby pieces that clearly hadn't been braised for that long; we were gnawing it at throughout the rest of dinner unsuccessfully. The highlight was definitely the curry sauce: it's astonishingly oily, and if you can't stand the sight of red and pools of oil, this one isn't for you. Not crazy salty, but packed with SO much flavor, I literally would've packed the rest of the sauce to go if it wasn't so unhealthy. I could see myself buying a pack of noodles and dumping it into the remains of this bowl  Hong Kong milk tea: delishhhhhh, liked the tea that they used!
2 I have been coming here very often with my American friends for their congee in the past few years. The food is okay, I can't say it is an excellent place to go but it is good go if you want to try congee. the xiao long bao is soso, too watering, the soup is not taste as what you actually get from a traditional Shanghai nese restaurant. They always rush people out, especially during rush hour from 7-9pm. I went last night at 9:50pm. The waitress gave us bad attitude first then gave us the check right after the food comes. Aren't they close at 11pm? If the kitchen is close earlier at 10:10pm. are you suppose to post on the web or in front of your door? Does it make sense if you close at 11pm your kitchen is close 10:10 and you still have your customer at 10 then rush them out at 10:35. The waitress littlely just kick us out by saying "that is all, we are closing now" at 10:40pm when we rushed to finished foosd and still trying to finish the milk tea there.  Me and my friends were rush to finish food there and we all end up stomach pain.
5 Enjoyed the dumplings and wonton noodle soup. It's a cozy spot with good food. We were welcomed with hot tea and the order came around pretty fast! In and out in about an hour. Note: this was after 3pm on a Saturday. Will go again!
4 We strolled in after finding out our favorite place next door was closed for renovations. We were quickly seated at a communal table and I knew it would be a good place given the number of locals and older Chinese people just hanging out and eating. The XLBs were delicious and had a great pocket of juice. The spicy wontons were a bit strange and not what I expected at all. The rest of our meal for the most part was pretty good; glad to have found a good alternative for XLBs in this area!
4 If you have a craving for noodle bowls and dumplings on a weekday between 6-8 p.m. be prepared to wait out front or against the wall with like minded foodies. Luckily for my party of two, it was barely ten mins before we were squeezed into a corner table. If we could parallel process the best in each person's dish, it would have been 5 stars. While my flat noodles in the Hong Kong style beef brisket noodle soup were hearty and infused with flavor from the incredible broth, my brisket pieces were almost pure fat. My date's beef brisket was packed with meat fibers oozing the amazing curried sauce, but his ramen noodle were more like a sad version of fideos. The shared plate of pork and chive steamed dumplings was made even more delicious by the carousel of spices and condiments they put on every table to hook up meals the way you like. The food misses aside, we were able to linger for another hour to let our food settle with unlimited tea after the village emptied out around 8.
5 I come here just for the congee! Noodle Village doesn't use MSG so everything is safe for me to eat! I usually call in a pickup order and it's always ready for me. I think I've tried most of the congee variations except for the pork ones. They're all excellent; incredibly warming and delicious. Get a side of fried dough to go with the congee. I almost always get an order of yu choy too! I really should try getting a noodle dish or a dumpling dish, but I love the congee here. Perhaps, next time...
5 Stumbled upon another hidden gem yet again. This place caught my eye the second I saw soup dumplings on the sign. When I entered, I was immediately seated. The waitress was very sweet and gave me a nice hot cup of tea. I ordered the Shanghai soup dumplings and seasonal vegetable and mushroom soup. A+++!   Everything was bursting with flavor. The food came out within 6 minutes and was piping hot. I like that there are small and large sizes. Sometimes there is too much food and I don't want to carry it and or waste it. So, the smaller sizes are perfect if you want a little something.  I definitely recommend this place. Your stomach will thank you!
4 Noodle Village has been a staple of Chinatown for something like a 15yrs or more. I would truly consider it the second era of eateries that are a piece of Chinatown and still around in light of the fact that the sustenance is extraordinary. I come frequently for soup dumplings. The skin is a translucent vibe which is the manner by which it ought to be. Not so thick fun stuff. You can actually observe the soup inside. An additional in addition to is that they charge card. Also I would state it's not as discourteous as other Chinese foundations that are coffee shop style. I wouldn't state this is top notch food however
4 "Deliciousness hidden in plain sight"  So this looks like an average, run of the mill Chinese restaurant in Chinatown but in reality it's definitely a notch better.  This is the perfect place for a low key lunch if you find yourself in Chinatown.  The highlights  - Crab Soup Dumpling.  Forget Joe's Shanghai, this place is actually better.  Very flavorful and very thin skins on them dumplings. - Devilish Ramen, get spicy or very spicy as they don't go insane on heat.  Very light ramen, lots of focus on seafood and the noodles.  Not the best Ramen I've had, but good.  The lows  - Well the decor, is, shall we say, modest. - Service is plain and inattentive.  Come on, you are in Chinatown!
5 Loved it! Probably the thinnest noodle dough I ever had in a soup dumpling! Also had Pork/shrimp Dumplings and they were excellent! S
5 Hngggg this was so good. XLB was beautiful. Absolutely delicious. Some of the best I've had. Thousand-year egg congee with pork is standard chinese comfort food and this dish was seasoned really well. Brought back a lot of nostalgia. Beef tendon egg noodle soup was good. I think the soup and the egg noodles were the star of this dish though. Definitely recommend the XLB!
3 To topline- would only come here for soup dumplings   Came here with my girlfriends for soup dumplings and instantly noticed the noodles on so many plates.. so we had to try.  We ordered pork XLB, crab XLB, the HK beef noodle soup, some veg, and my friends both ordered a few other things (veggie lomein and wonton noodle soup)   Unfortunately the only thing we ended up finishing was the soup dumplings. Both the pork and the crab XLB had great flavor- actually some of the best crab ones I've had. However, half of them tore as soon as they were lifted since the skin was so thin which was a huge downer.  Bigger than the torn soup dumplings was the noodles. Beautiful thin egg noodles with an undercooked raw flavor with semolina- extremely disappointing. The taste overcook the entire soup that I couldn't even finish it. Same went for the wonton soup as well with noodles.  Veg however was nice and crisp, very basic steam. Veggie lomein wasn't bad- thicker noodles were a better overall flavor.
5 My boyfriend and I are visiting NYC and we both LOVE chinese food, so what better place to go than ChinaTown! We both got soup dumplings and tea which was amazing! We would love to come back to Noodle Village, the wait staff was highly attentive and super nice to us.
4 Searching around for restaurants with good xiao long bao around my hotel that was within walking distance, I landed on Noodle Village. After a lot of reviews raving how good their XLB was, and the distance to get to it because of the cold weather, I settled for getting my XLB fix here.  So literally, all I ordered was XLB, and that will basically be my whole review.  When I got there, it was just opening and I was the first one there to plenty of seating. I got seated on a long table and then ordered my XLB. The ordering process was pretty straight forward. There's not much as far as decor, and it's simple just as it should be. My order comes out, and what's different about these XLB was that I thought it was big on the soup department, but I think they need better wrappers as it was super thin for the dumpling. This causes problems.  If it gets stuck on the paper, then you're pretty much screwed and that your dumpling is going to rip along with all of the soup. That was the only sad experience that I had eating XLB here. I think if they just changed to a stronger wrapper it would be fine.  When the check came, I was planning on paying with a card, but they asked for cash (obviously, considering I only ordered 2 orders and well...cash is king. But it doesn't help me with my cash back!) Anyways, all in all it wasn't bad, I do wish that they used a sturdier wrapper. But, if you do order this, just be careful!
4 Was looking for a place to eat lunch this past Sunday and found this place online. We strolled in around noon and it was packed! However, we were promptly seated and served some hot tea right away! My favorite part of this whole experience was probably the tea to be honest. We began looking over then menu until we were finally ready to place an order. I had the pork in spicy sauce and my girlfriend had the devilish ramen. Both could have been a little spicier for our taste but both were very good! We also order some spring rolls and soup dumplings to enjoy with our meal and they were amazing. One thing that I will warn you about is that you may have to track someone down for service at some point, but hey what's the problem with that? There are no hovering servers begging you to order, just some fine people running a great restaurant. All in all I spent about $40 and left feeling satisfied and full!
4 Chicken congee is super good. Try that with fried fish skin. It brings the flavor to another level.  Other dishes are either average or above average. I had some stew beef dish which was above  average. Stir fired rice noodle with beef is also 3.5 star thing. The clay pot rice dish is not so good - too bland.   I would come back just for the congee.
5 I had jury duty and came over for lunch.  It was amazing food, quick attentive service, friendly staff.  Everything was good.    I had the Four Piece Shao Mei Pork and Shrimp Dumpling, you knew they were made fresh, the server asked if I would wait the 15 minutes it took for them to make them.  I also had the Shrimp Dumpling Soup, it was perfect.  They make it very lightly flavored with enormous whole shrimp inside the dumplings.    I highly recommend.
5 Noodle village is an amazing restaurant. It definitely gets crowded during lunch times and you'll have to wait for a bit to get a seat. However, if you come on non-peak times, you'll have a wonderful experience. Their shrimp wonton noodles are legit. Usually, wontons have a small piece of shrimp, but theirs has a whole shrimp and not they're big. Their Hong Kong Milk Tea has a strong Ceylon tea taste, but can sometimes feel rough in the mouth. If you're craving Shanghai soup dumplings, they have them too and they'll satisfy your craving. Their pan-fried dumplings are good too! The curry squid with pigskin is one of my favorites as well. Highly recommend checking this spot out!
5 Cute small restaurant. Order at counter and then your hot steaming noodles will be ready for you to enjoy at the table. Lots of options with soups as well. Very affordable. Clean, friendly, and delicious.
5 Cantonese soul food, just as good as in Hong Kong. I am a regular here. I'm really affected by the ambiance/aesthetic of a place and while Cantonese restaurants in America are usually no-frills places, Noodle Village actually looks good. Like somewhere you can take your date to. If you're looking for this specific cuisine, authentic, delicious and low prices, I've never seen another place quite like this.
2 Tried to find a good authentic Chinese restaurant in NYC, and this place gets a No! I am from Los Angeles where they have amazing Asian food, so definitely need something better than this to satisfy me.   Food was tasteless, bland, just blah.
4 One of the best Cantonese noodle and congee spots in the Chinatown in Manhattan. I ordered the Thousand Year Old Egg (Preserved Egg) Congee and the Beef Brisket Noodle Soup. This is a very traditional spot for Cantonese food. The Congee was super flavorful with pork, ginger, and preserved eggs. The dish could've used a little more meat and egg since I personally would like to be able to taste each of the delicious components after each bite rather than being left with only rice from the congee.   I also ordered the beef brisket noodle soup. Huge fan of the egg noodle and the soup base, but really found the beef brisket and the tendons to be a bit chewy. It was almost as if the meat/tendons weren't fully heated/cooked all the way. The pieces of meat were also served in large chunks which added to the obstacle of chewing too.   I've been here a handful of times when I've come up to visit NY and the food has consistently been pretty good! I'd recommend this spot to everyone and would def. come here again after exploring some other Cantonese soup noodle spot to see if it's just as delicious!
3 Basic noodles. I wish I could say it was much better, but it wasn't. We were extremely excited as we saw all the great reviews. They also forgot an order of dumplings for us. I didn't call them because I felt bad that it was snowing and the delivery man would have to come back. Sorry guys...
3 SOUP DUMPLINGS WERE AMAZING. Brisket not good, fatty yet still somehow tough. Would go back just for the soup dumplings ONLY.
4 Noodle Village serves excellent authentic Cantonese food. The service is ok and the price is very reasonable. The pork live/kidney noodle is pretty good, but 4 small pieces scallion pancakes for $4.25 is kind the pricy and the taste just so so.
5 Great customer service (staff is very attentive) and very good food. Everything was fresh and not that oily. We had few dishes and the bill was 80$ for 4. Will definitely come back!
3 Went there on a cold day in the city with a hankering for a flavorful soup. I ordered the Soup Dumplings as well as the Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup. The broth from the soup dumplings was flavorful but the skin is so thin you'll end up breaking the dumplings and loose half of the broth. Also pretty small too. The wontons of the soup were packed with shrimp and pretty large. The broth wasn't too salty and I love how much noodles were in the soup. The price was a bit more than usual in that part of Chinatown. I would recommend for the soup but no so much the soup dumplings.
4 Good stuff comes out not here. Tiny spot. Yummy food. Did work lunch here on Chinese New Year. Crowded but they handled it well ordered came out in average time and food was delish.
4 It's a neat restaurant. I didn't get to try all that I would have liked to try but I'll return again. Me and my friend tried the vegetarian lo mein. Which was noodles with I believe Chinese broccoli on top. The saltiness of the greens paired well with the noodles. The bowl of oxtail was hearty and flavorful. Definitely get a side of rice with it. The dumplings all have pork in it, so I couldn't touch that. They only accept one card, which is a little annoying. I liked the spot and want to try more of the menu.
5 I can't describe how surprised I was when I tried their wonton noodle for the first time! As someone who lived in Hong Kong for several months, I can comfortably say that they are totally comparable to those Hong Kong wonton noodle shops. Impeccable food and service! Thanks for making my Chinese New Year Eve :)
4 Large variety of noodles and rice dishes here. Definitely my favorite place for xiao long bao though (soup dumplings). The skin is thinner than most places and meaty and juice. Must come here for their pork soup dumplings! Their clay pot rice dishes are actually pretty good too - their rice is on point the best.
5 Went on a Saturday around 13h00 and it was packed! Ask for a number (aka your spot in the queue) and then wait to hear your number. We only waited 10 min and it was worth it.   We were served warm tea upon sitting down and a menu with so many tempting dishes! The food arrived in a timely matter and the staff was kind.   The soup dumplings were fun but I'd recommend watching a tutorial on how to eat them beforehand because I'm sure my technique of shoving the whole thing in my mouth at once wasn't correct!   It's a great satisfying spot in Chinatown; there's lots to see in the area and the restaurant isn't a far walk from the Brooklyn Bridge. I'd recommend this spot to friends and family!   Fun fact: Made some small talk with one of the managers and found out that their special thin noodles are made with duck eggs instead of chicken eggs!
5 FINALLY found the best XLB in town. I've been to Joe's and Shanghai 21, and the skin is always a bit too thick and doughy. Came here for the first time and ordered the wonton noodle soup and crab and pork XLB. Those wonton soup was super flavorful and the soup dumplings were packed with soup and large! I have no idea why people think this place is expensive and "tiny" in portions... i mean... have you been to any of the "fancy" asian dumpling places that charge an outrageous $13 for like 6 dumplings? The wonton noodle soup was $6.50 and the crab XLB were $8.25. You can't argue with that given how expensive NYC is these days.  The only downsides are gruff service and communal seating, but welcome to Chinatown!
4 We came to noodle village on Saturday night and it was pretty full. Luckily didn't have to wait for a table since we came around 6pm.   The XLB came partially broken which was a disappointment but the ones that weren't broke were pretty good.   The shrimp wonton noodle soup has a very light broth. Noodles are really simple and thin, not much flavor and more for the texture. The broth was light and savory. Shrimp wontons were excellent and easy to eat.   Overall, quick in and out but service was a bit too rushed.
2 This place is disappointing. We ordered the shrimp wonton noodle soup but they gave us the Lo Mein. The noodle itself is good and I would give it a 4/5.  The only reason I'm leaving a 2/5 is because of their Shanghai soup dumplings. This is what our Shanghai soup dumpling looks like. The meat inside is pink and over seasoned. Don't know if it's because the meat they use is not fresh or they forgot to squeeze the blood out of the meat, when I took a bite of the soup dumpling, there were other pinkish stuff running out along with the soup. Very disgusting and we didn't even finish all five soup dumplings. I had other authentic soup dumplings before and none of them is like this.
5 Great food, quick service, cheap prices. Highly recommended for an authentic chinatown experience!
3 If you enjoy very authentic asian food this place is probably for you. The prices are also very cheap. I would have rated this higher but I personally did not enjoy my meal as much as I wanted to. I ordered the brisket in curry noodle soup. The beef came in a curry broth & it wa sooooo good, perfectly cooked beef & in an amazing curry. But the broth that the noodles were in was unbearable for me. I took the noodles out n dipped them in my curry instead of eating it with the broth. We also had the soup dumplings which i wasnt a fan of as well. These dishes werent bad, i think they just had flavors that take warming up to. I had the coddle fish in hot oil which was a first & i really enjoyed that. Overall the service was nice & what i did like I really enjoyed but i couldnt get past the noodle soup  -@francescas_feasts
5 Not gonna lie, Noodle Village has the most authentic wonton noodles I've had in NYC. It's a little on the pricey side, but I'd say it's totally worth it. Also, the portions are tiny compared to anywhere else, so I usually need order more to fill up that giant tummy of mine.  Being born in Hong Kong, I've always craved for a certain flavour in my wonton noodles. Living in the States, I found that it's not that easy to get that same flavour (maybe it's in the water? ;) ). I've tried out a ton of restaurants and noodle places in Chinatown, and I'd have to say this place does the the best in terms of reproducing that authentic taste.   I haven't had a chance to try their steamed dumplings (normally a Shanghai specialty instead of a HK one), but I heard they're amazing here. I'd definitely be back to try them next time around.   There's also usually a line here, so expect to wait during lunch or dinner hours. Last time I went around noon, I had to wait 20-30 min for a table.
5 Delicious food and good service for a great price! Also very clean and comfortable -- will definitely be back!
1 Horrible service! I checked out online for delivery, even received a confirmation email! A whole hour AFTER I've placed my order, someone calls and asks if I just placed an order! Then she proceeds to say they can't deliver. I asked them why they didn't call me earlier to tell me this?! Her excuse was no one saw it! Worst service ever, will never go back for anything
4 This was great, although somewhat surprising in that we really loved the dumplings (we got soup dumplings and fried pork dumplings), but were just so-so on the noodles (we got shrimp wonton noodle soup), which is what really drew us here. I thought the soup dumplings were among the best in the city -- lighter and more delicate than some of the more robust ones you'll find elsewhere, but that gave them a really great texture, if you could get them into your mouth without breaking them first.  We also got the hot pot rice with spare ribs, which we liked but didn't love. (The crispy rice stuck to the bottom of the pan was pretty great though.)  Really solid spot, and we'll definitely be back for more dumplings.
4 Chinatown sit-down staple. This is my go-to place (that's not hotpot) for my girlfriends and I.  Favorite dishes include: - HK style tripe and intestines  - Steamed rice rolls with peanut sauce - Fried fish skin, my personal favorite, comes with soup to dunk the skin in - Stone pot rice  Noodle Village loses one star for their takeout service. It's a lot slower than their table service. The lady who sits in the front is rude and sits at her desk watching dramas all day. I've had a few orders sit there for 5 mins before she notices and call customers over.
5 So I've been frequenting this place after my weekly basketball game. They are great for staying open late for us hungry old weekend warriors. Although this place is called Noodle Village, I think their rice casserole ("Hot Pot Rice") dishes are their best attribute! There are three big time winners: Pork with Salty Fish (AMAZING meatloaf of fish and pork), Sausage (Chinese sausage and other BBQ cured meats), and Spare Rib (classic). Hit it up with some soy sauce and enjoy! It does take them about 20 min to prepare but def worth the wait. Actually, I can't wait to go back. Love this joint.
4 This place reminds me of Mike's Noodle house in Seattle but with a larger menu. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu even though I've been here twice and gotten a noodle soup and congee dish. Congee is solid and a big bowl that serves 2. Many different types of congee. The noodle with beef brisket is delicious. The soup version is good but lacks the dried squid flavor you grow up to love. This place also takes credit card so that is a plus in Chinatown. Overall, come here for cheaply priced Chinese noodle soup and congee if your belly is craving it.
4 Stopped by with my Girlfriend for Ramen. I ordered the Beef Brisket Ramen soup which tastes great! Adding some of their soy sauce definitely enhances the flavor. The service was polite and my food came fast. It's a busy place so expect many people here!
5 Very courteous staff and service. Came once to eat with friends and they were delightful. We were greeted and seated quickly. There was a nice selection on the menu. We were given tea before our food came out which was nice. The food came out nice and hot and it was extremely tasty. The prices were great for the quality and the amount of food served. The atmosphere is dim and relaxing, with relaxing chinese music in the background.  I also came once to order food to go and I was seated and given hot tea while I waited. The staff is just wonderful here and I recommend this spot to anyone looking for good Chinese cuisine.
5 One of my favorite places for congee, soup noodles and curry tofu lo mein. Extremely busy, so depending on the time of day that you go there expect a short wait for a table.
5 QUALITY dishes. WELL MADE, WELL EXECUTED. Order whatever you want, all dishes are really well made. You won't be disappointed. This place should rank higher in every way than almost any other place in Chinatown (and there are a lot of juggernauts to compete with).  Haven't been disappointed in the 10+ times we visited.
5 I literally just went to order just the soup dumplings as someone I follow on Instagram had posted. She proclaimed them as her favorite soup dumplings in NYC. Boy was she right!!   Smaller than other ones I've had but they packed such immense flavor. I could have eaten over 30 if I wanted. Go for the soup dumplings if you're in China town.
3 Food was average, nothing special. We tried to get in a couple other places and resorted in Noodle Village as a third option. Dumplings were good, not the best, but good. Rest of the food we ordered was average. Told us it would be a 10 minute wait and turned out to be 25 minutes, for that length I would have waited at one of the other spots with similar wait times.
5 This place is great! We ordered the crab soup dumplings, Shanghai soup dumplings, sausage hot pot, beef Lo mein and the guava bunch juicies! Each item was delicious with their own unique flavors. The staff was great too and when we had an issue with one of our orders, they gave us an extra soup dumplings on their own to fix it! Overall, a great experience! I would definitely come back!
5 Noodle Village hit the spot on a cold Sunday afternoon. We ordered:  HK Style Wonton Noodle Soup: No frills, comfort soup. It came out piping hot with delicious shrimp wontons and just the right amount of noodles. I like to dip my noodles in red vinegar, so I was happy to see this was supplied on the table.   Xiao Long Bao: Definitely one of the best soup dumplings I've had! (wayyy better than Din Tai Fung) So juicy and delicious. An order comes with 6 pieces....leaving me to want to order more even when we were duper full... This is definitely a must get if you're going to dine here.  Sausage Hot Pot Rice: 4/5 for this dish because it could have used more vegetables (and my boyfriend claims to not have enjoyed it as much as I did). The dish was good - I enjoyed the burnt crispy rice at the bottom (and you really can't mess up Chinese sausage).
5 This was the best choice for dinner on Christmas.  We were a group of 9 and were quoted an hour wait, but ended up splitting up and were seated in 15 minutes.   Food came out quick, hot and fresh - one of these reasons I love dining in Chinatown!   What we ordered:  - Pork Soup Dumplings - OMG. The best I've ever had.  Prefer these of the Joe's Shanghai soup dumplings.  Will come back over and over for these.  GET THIS!  - Scallion Pancake - pretty standard as scallion pancakes go! - Dumpling soup - This was harder to eat, dumplings were huge and filled with shrimp, probably wouldn't order this one again - Chicken fried rice - Great accompaniment​ to everything else we ordered. GET THIS!  - Beef Lo Mein - Being noodle village, had to try at least a noodle dish.  Lo Mein was cooked to perfection, this one went the fastest! GET THIS!  Overall solid spot for noodle anything and MUST GET the soup dumplings!
4 Came here with a party of 4 to try the soup dumplings and wonton soup. We were seated right away but took about 15 minutes for the waitress to come back and take our order and it was because we flagged her down. We got ordered the crab soup dumplings and the Shanghai soup dumplings along with a small bowl of shrimp wonton noodles. The wonton was good and flavorful and the broth was good. The soup dumplings lived up to the hype. Perfect ration of soup to dumplings and the outer layer was soft. I would definitely come back again next time
4 Never disappointed. Clay pot rice (煲仔饭) beef rice roll(牛腩肠粉煲) are always good! Even though there's always 10 to 25 minutes wait weekend noon, but the food is great!
4 Came here with my friend on a Saturday night because it's one of the rare places that take credit card in Chinatown.   ENVIRONMENT: Noise level was slightly high, and the place is a little cramped. But there are tables for groups of 8-ish. You might have to wait a little to get seated. We waited around 10 mins.   FOOD:  Black egg with pork congee [5/5] - Got hit in the feels eating it as the taste brought me home to where I grew up. The texture is incredibly smooth, like it has been boiled slowly for hours, yet the pork was juicy. It wasn't too gingery, but enough that the smell of pork was well taken care of. It had the right balance between saltiness and sweetness of meat. With a little pepper, this dish is bomb.  Xiao Long Bao [4/5] - The soup inside is so flavorful. Possibly one of the most flavorful I've had in my life, including Din Tai Fung. The only issue is that it's slightly too greasy.
4 we came here for a late night bite and the restaurant still had many ppl but was not crowded by any means. My boyfriend got a shrimp&pork wonton noodle soup (云吞面) while I got a pork&black egg congee (皮蛋瘦肉粥) the food came out fairly fast and everything tasted great. It tasted very home-made and I could tell there is no MSG used. The portions were really good for the price but the service was just ok. Overall a good experience but nothing "wow".
2 The food is average and nothing special. The wontons are the only thing worth getting and the broth that they use is homemade.    The service was plain bad but something i've come to expect from asian restaurants. Affordable prices sometimes means the service will be lacking. This place gets packed around dinner time but i think it's mainly cause the Shanghainese place next door has a long wait.
4 I have had Noodle Village twice and it has been solid both times. Noodle Village serves up delicious authentic cantonese food. I would highly recommend the clay pot rice (usually takes about 20 mins to prepare) and the wonton noodles. They won an award for the wonton mein and after trying it I can see why! The wontons are big and the noodles are perfection! You can choose between a small or large size (large is 5 wontons).   The space is a bit cramped, so I would not recommend this place if you have a large party. Great for take-out though!
4 Noodle Village was the first restaurant I ever tried in NYC's Chinatown and I really like the soup dumplings here! Each one had a lot of soup in it and they were so filling that I couldn't finish more than four. I also ordered fried pork chive dumplings that were crispy and delightful. My sister got wonton noodle soup and told me she enjoyed it as well. Prices were reasonable and service was pretty fast, which are definitely bonuses for me.
4 Nice wonton mie soup - decent prices too! Love their specialty tofu with hot and spicy sauce. Gets a bit busy at lunch - small space but I would definitely come back here again.
5 This place is awesome. One of my good friends originally from china recommended this place for good authentic Chinese  food. After my first experience almost 5 years ago, I haven't stopped coming. This has become my family's go-to spot whenever we are in the city and want Chinese food. Not your standard restaurant for general-T chicken and an egg roll, so if you're looking for American Chinese food this is not the place for you.   The service is incredibly quick and the food always tastes so fresh. The beef brisket never fails me- so soft and melts in your mouth like butter. This also seems rather small, but I truly appreciate how the waiters constantly come around to refill your cup with hot tea. There is something sooo nice about drinking it while eating pretty heavy food. Maybe they put an ingredient in it to increase appetite! Haha. I would definitely recommend this place for good, authentic Asian cuisine.
5 Yes to everything I have eaten here. I love their soup dumplings, and if you get the crab meat dumplings, they do not skimp on the crab meat. If you don't eat crab meat, their original flavor is amazing as well! The soup is delicious, and the skin is perfectly thin. Their rice rolls are great, get it fully decked with all the sauces. I like to add of touch of siracha. I was also impressed by their congee. We got the seafood congee, and they put a lot of seafood in there!   I often go to their Flushing branch, but I need good excuses to come here. I come here every chance I get!
5 5 stars because these are the best xialongbao that I've ever had.  Sorry, Ding Tai Fung (and all the others), but the soup here is more flavorful, the outer shell a better (softer) consistency, and the the soup/meat/shell ratio here just perfect.  Trust me, and order these.  The shrimp dumpling noodle soup was also great. The shrimp dumplings in the soup are great and could be served on their own, but mixed with the light but flavorful broth and noodles the combination is just perfect.    Service was also great (they were very fast, and also very nice about helping my older mom find somewhere to sit while we waited for a table) and the prices very reasonable, especially for NYC.  Big fan!
2 Came here and got the chinese sausage hot pot rice with high expectations, and was sadly disappointed. I am a big fan of hot/clay pot foods but the dish was lacking.  The chinese sausage lacked flavor, and it wasn't as sweet as other sausages I've had. The meat to rice ratio was also off. You're given a big pot of rice with very little protein. To add protein, it's an extra $3. No thanks.   The dish was also quite unrefined with inedible bone parts in the dish.   I expected more because of the high praise the hot pot was given but i'd rather have my hot pot somewhere else.
5 High quality. Quick service. Best food I've had in a long time. Replaced my favorite place in Chinatown for soup dumplings.
4 Cantonese comfort food in a cozy setting. Nestled on Mott St in the heart of Chinatown, this place is a must try for some yummy Cantonese classics. We tried the wonton lo mein - wontons were fresh and delicious - while chunks of shrimp and juicy pork. The noodles also tasted fresh and very tasty. The lo mein is served with a bowl of soup for dipping and some gai lon too (this is Cantonese lo mein / not the same as lo mein from a greasy Chinese take out place). Gai lon was cooked perfectly - crisp and fresh. Congee was great too - seafood, peanuts, and chunks of crueler - we ordered some more crueler to do with it as well. The crueler was also fresh and lite. Everything was very affordable - it came to about $25 for 2 of us. We will definitely be back!
4 A fine, fine replacement for the now-too-inconsistent chain, and the temporarily closed one.   Their other dishes are alright but it's slightly disappointing that all of their dumplings (outside of the soup ones but I couldn't even say for sure) have shrimp in them. Not tiny, hidden minced shrimp, either, but big whole shrimp in dumplings. Strange.   Anyway, come for the soup dumplings and explore the rest of the menu but it's not as good as the rest of the menu at the other soup dumpling places.
4 Came here recently and loved it. The line was relatively short for a Saturday night and we waited indoors (it was freezing outside). We were quickly seated and service was extremely quick (granted the place was also crowded, so I'm sure they also wanted us in/out quickly). I tried the soup dumplings (classic that you can't really go wrong with), braised beef over rice (delicious.. came with some vegetables and turnip too), hong kong style seafood noodles (note: the noodles are a lot thinner than "traditional" lo mein egg noodles) and chinese broccoli. All of the dishes were extremely tasty and very filling! Highly recommend.
4 Hands down my favourite congee place in all of Chinatown!  I've been able to get a table early in the morning as well as later in the evening without any trouble. However, I've also had to experience 1 hour waits for dinner times but I suppose that's a good sign that the food's good. (Which it is)   So far, I've tried the beef tripe and brisket, congee and vegetables - all of which were amazing. If you do come here, I recommend the thousand year old egg congee - amazingly good with the perfect amount of flavour to hit the spot. Beef Tripe and Brisket aren't too salty and great to complement your congee.  Service is pretty good but you can go neglected during busy hours. Pretty typical for these places.  One thing to keep in mind - Cash or debit only !
1 The man that was our waiter is super rude, he talks to himself in his language and when he brought our plate to the table he threw it down and slammed it on the table, I got referred here but I will definitely tell everyone of the experience I had, the place is nicely decorated and designed but the people working here are very unfriendly and they have no ki d of customer service. They are loud and obnoxious.  I would definitely not reccomend here because of these factors but let's see if they change.
4 Pretty authentic Cantonese food. Ordered the beef brisket and tendon, yau choy, black egg (thousand year) congee, and rice rolls with peanut sauce and hoisin sauce. Probably wouldn't order the rice rolls again since Flushing stalls do it way better and cheaper, though it is a fairly large portion. Everything else was on point.  Rice clay pots and soup dumplings at tables next to my table looked good too, so I would probably try those dishes next time I come back.  Cash or debit card only. I guess they've had issues with credit cards in the past? Clean establishment and service was decent.
3 Says it take credit card, but when you pay, they only take debit. Dumplings were good
1 We come here regularly because we live nearby and the food used to taste good. However, within the last two or three months or so, they started adding more preservatives or some artificial thing to the food. It tastes like ammonia. I'm sure it's not ammonia, but it has a very bad taste. It's so overwhelming that you can no longer taste the original taste of the food. It may be cost savings to add more preservatives but please stop and it's ruining the taste and it tastes so artificial. I can't stand it and will stop coming here altogether. Please, I hope the owner reads this and removes the newly added flavoring to the food. It can't be healthy for anyone.
5 You know when you are craving something and you get exactly that? This was my experience at Noodle Village!   Deep in Chinatown, Noodle Village satisfies my Cantonese food craving. I ordered the crab dumplings, the shrimp wonton noodle soup and the vegetable fried rice. My husband got the curry braised brisket noodle and described it as "fantastic!" I had some of his curry and it was rich and flavorful and the meat was tender. My crab dumplings were juicy, full of crab meat and rich with flavor. The wonton soup was light, not too salty and full of thin egg noodles. The wontons were shrimpy and perfect. The soup comes with plenty of wontons and that can be a meal by itself. The vegetable fried rice was also really delicious and hit the spot. It comes with scramble egg and was full of flavor.   All of the food came out pipping hot just the way I like! The restaurant was clean. Service was quick but you also didn't feel like you were being out.   My new go to spot in Chinatown when I'm craving some Chinese/Cantonese food!
5 The best comfort food for a cold day. The second you're seated you are welcomed with endless hot tea to thaw you out while figuring out what to order from the extensive menu. Soup dumplings and beef hot pot bowls are a must. Amazing flavors. Happy soul
5 I got shrimp wonton noodles and the broth was delicious. The food is both affordable, tasty, and the health code rating is A! Would highly recommend
1 Don't put accepting credit cards on the menu if you don't intend to accept ANY credit cards.  IRS should check on this restaurant.   We made sure to check the acceptable payment methods on their website and the front door before we decided to go with this restaurant.  The owner refused to accept our credit card and told us debit or cash only.  Obviously they can take credit card since they can take a visa debit card.  Oh lastly, the foods are nothing particularly special.  I don't know why there's such a hype abt this place.  Oh and the wait time was horrible!  This restaurant is filled with lies and disappointments!
5 Delicious homestyle chinese food. I love their buns and porridge. Very delicious and reminds me of the food I got in China. I usually come for breakfast or lunch and though they are busy, they usually are able to seat you in 15 min.
4 I have always hated congee all my life but this place really changed my attitude towards congee. Their congee with shredded chicken and black egg is so so so good and delicious that I love congee now. I also tried soup dumplings here but the soup is very salty and the stuffing isn't that great. Fried crullers are very dry and not crispy at all. Other than that, shout out to this restaurant for making me love congee!
5 Great food, I tried a few places in China town during my stay in Manhattan and this had a very authentic taste to it. The spare rib in clay pot was particularly delectable and I recommend it to anyone that likes that dish or enjoys spare ribs and rice. I had an ice lemon tea (HK style) which was also good.   This was the best place I ate at while I stayed in East village. I eat a lot of Chinese food in the Bay Area and this place felt like home.  I believe I lost my Ray Bans at this place ( Left them on the able) , when I called the next day nobody said they saw them. My fault and not a knock against this place. I recommend it to everyone just don't leave your expensive glasses there.
1 After waiting 15 minutes In the windy cold weather outside, they finally offer a table in front of the door. Customers going in and out, kept the door open and cold wind rushing in.   When another table opened up, we asked to change table. Kenny, the waiter, didn't say no to us, but he made a nasty comment, "they already sat down, why they need to move ?"   Yelp posted credit card accept. When we tried to pay by credit card, Bao, the waitress said they only took debit card. The night just keeps getting worse.  No signs posted, no warning ahead, just cash or debit card. What the heck?   No matter how good the food tastes, the poor service ruins diner's experience.   Take your business next door! Enjoy your meal elsewhere !
4 One of the better noodle house in Chinatown. The noodles are chewy and have a bite. The steam soup dumplings are tasty.
5 One of my basic rules for eating at an ethnic restaurant is to see who else is eating there. In this case I would estimate 50% Asian and 50% European descent. That works for me. Then the place is crowded. Got a table but it was the last one. It was just vacated. Actually the best table for today's needs in the corner, place for my bag. Just perfect. Service is excellent. Tea at the table as the menu. Servers smile. Food arrived very quickly. I had the crab dumplings and they were perfect. I can't comment on the rest of the food because that was all I ate. Will return!
2 We didn't like our meal much at Noodle Village, but that was partly our fault - I think we ordered wrong. But, not knowing much about authentic Cantonese food, we ordered what we thought sounded delicious. We started with the soup dumplings, which were good, but not great. We then shared the Hong Kong style lo mein with brisket. The noodles came with broth to dip them in "if they're too dry," which they were. They needed a lot of broth, because they were pretty dry and pretty bland. The brisket on the lo mein I didn't get at all. It was gristly and full of something like cartilage. I cook brisket pretty often, but I don't know why the brisket was like this. But I didn't enjoy it at all. We also got an order of Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce that was simple and delicious. While the Chinese broccoli and soup dumplings were okay/good, I really disliked the lo mein and brisket, so for me this meal was a miss.
5 this is the best tofu noddle soup in manhattan. u can get either hot and spicy or curry, comes on the side for u to add to yr bowl at yr own speed. fluffy and crispy, light, the broth is life-altering, personally i prefer the thin rice noodles because they don't get soggy at all. mixed greens r also good.
5 I ordered the mixed seafood noodle soup with wontons. Boy oh boy, it was delectable. They don't use MSG (I don't care if they do or not) in their food and the broth was so clean and flavorful. The wontons were really yummy too. The ladies that worked there were kind to me. The cooks were funny as well.
5 Love this place, the food is authentic, flavorful and super rich! Would definitely recommend it.  Just be mindful of a long wait!
4 The dishes I got were fantastic!!!  Their beef chow fun and mixed sauce rice noodles were really yummy. The chow fun is one of the best that I have ever had, and that's my go to dish in every Cantonese restaurants that I have been to. It's such a staple in Cantonese cuisine.   The restaurant is very neat and clean, and the atmosphere is quite nice. The price is very reasonable. The waitress was very friendly and efficient. But I did go there as soon as they were open for the day.   There are a couple of things that I didn't feel comfortable with and that's why it's a 4 star to me. 1. Even though they say that they accept credit card, they would almost try to "bully" you into paying cash. A lady who was paying for her take-outs was forced to pay cash even though she was not willing to. I had to insist on telling them that I didn't have enough cash with me for the few times they told me that they prefer cash and looking at my wallet to see if I have enough cash. I understand cash is preferable in Chinatown but then why saying accepting credit card?   2. The hostess was super unfriendly. She has this poker face with no smile. She seems very efficient so I guess she is good at her job.   I would definitely come back to have the chow fun again and other dishes. Hmmm yum!!
5 Great little place in Chinatown, NY Good food, good price, generally a wait.. but you can be seated fairly quickly
5 Definitely going to eat here once more before we leave. The soup dumplings are insane!
5 Always love this quaint restaurant, serving authentic Cantonese/Hong Kong food.  I have been here many times, and will keep coming back!  I recommend their congee, wontons, all sorts of noodles (with or without soup). I also heard the xiao long bao (soup dumplings) are good, def will try next time!  Last but not least, the staff members here are very attentive and nice!
4 Excellent shrimp wanton soup, and excellent crab xlb. Thought we were heading for a fantastic meal, but dish #3, the pot rice was bad. The rice was horribly dry. Won't be getting that again....
3 I found this place overrated. The shrimp wontons were good and so were the soup dumplings, and scallion pancake, but the beef brisket noodles was just fat, no meat at all. Prices are good though and the green tea they give you complimentary is really lovely. We were told they sold beer by the hostess but then the waiter said they didn't sell beer. It may be BYOB but I'm unsure.
5 I flipping love this place. Order everything don't hold back and live out your best life having some bomb food. You are welcome!
5 One of the best places for soup dumplings in Chinatown. The crab meat is my favorite and the fried buns with condensed milk is also rlly good.
4 Noodle Village serves the kind of food that Chinatown is famous for, Cantonese staples.  As the landscape of Chinese food changes in NYC with the influx of Northern, Western and Szechuan, its good to see that if you're looking for a good old Cantonese meal, Noodle Village is there to hook you up.  Like many Chinatown staples, Noodle Village is a bit tight so you better be prepared to suck in your gut and possibly share large tables with strangers.  We went on a weekend and the place was absolutely packed, and with good reason.  The food here is legit good.    The wontons here are plump and excellent.  Best bites though were the fresh rice noodles with peanut sauce and hoisin and the clay pot rice.  The rice was perfectly cooked and there was a generous amount of the crispy rice on the bottom of the pot which every clay pot rice lover must have.  The beef brisket and tendon HK style lo mein was also really well done - tender beef and the tendon just melted in your mouth.  Prices here are very affordable and service is pretty good all things considered.  Definitely a thumbs up for the classic Cantonese comfort food seeker.
3 The review is for their soup dumpling only. It was super recommended by one of my friend, but I thought it wasn't the best.  Skin thickness is at its best. The meat stuffing flavor was too strong and salty, causing the soup flavor too heavy as well. The soup was also on the thicker side.  A very heavy soup dumpling.
4 Came back here with a group of friends from out of town since we were craving soup dumplings. For a place named Noodle Village, soup dumplings was what we came here which says a lot.   The soup dumplings were very warm and tender with the softest skin that managed to withheld getting pluck from their bamboo containers and into our spoons for consumption. We also ordered their wontons in hot and chili oil and scallion pancakes.  The scallion pancakes were nice, thin and crispy. I wouldn't recommend the wontons in chili oil - you can basically order a wonton soup and add chili and oil to make your own.  The BEST part of this place is their in house chili oil paste they have at the tables - it is to die for! I usually make my own sauce by using the paste and soy sauce and dipping every dish I order in it. #protip
5 Yummy won ton noodle soup, clay pot rice, congee.  Sooooo good.  Everything on the menu yummy yummy.
5 I think this place is the best Lo Mein place in Chinatown, I really love their Wonton Lo Mein.  Those wontons were huge and delicious comparing to other restaurants.  Love going to this place to have lunch.
4 The devilish ramen is not spicy at all. We got it at medium spice so feel free to ask them to pile it on. Otherwise the broth was creamy like a tonkatsu broth. The noodles are Japanese style ramen and were cooked perfectly.  The beef brisket (牛腩王) had great flavor but the meat was just too tough and gristly. Wouldn't order again.  The salted fish and pork rice pot was pretty good. I'd say you can probably go easy on the dark soy sauce for this one as it's plenty salty on its own. The rice is nice and crunchy on the bottom.
3 My go to place for XLB is on the same block as this place, but it's always crowded now that word has gotten out -- so we decided to give this place a try.   Food was good and XLB was great. Service was good. Solid place for a meal but nothing particularly special.
3 Pretty mediocre flavors but quick and friendly service. Fried tofu was the only thing that stood out. All the dishes that were supposed to be spicy had no heat whatsoever ‍. Soup dumplings were good, thin skin and tasty meat but very little soup inside. Seafood ramen felt like instant noodles quickly thrown into a pan with a chunk of fake crabmeat on top and not much else going for it.
1 I'm really bummed to be writing such a low review for this place because I have had a few good experiences here at Noodle Village that I really couldn't believe how things happened this last Friday when I tried to visit.   My sister had called to make a reservation for four people for Friday night. We got there and saw a line in front of the restaurant but were not too worried since we thought we had a reservation. We walked inside and told them only for the man to practically bark at us that no one had made a reservation for that night. My sister noted to them that she could show that she made the call and that the person on the other end had confirmed to her that they had received her reservation. He proceeded to then note that reservations aren't permitted for under five people and then shoved a number into our hand harshly.   1) I would hope that the people working at the restaurant would have a consistent understanding of what reservations are permitted. If a four-person reservation is not allowed, don't commit to it. 2) If there is a misunderstanding between the parties, then at least try to be polite about it. There is no reason for a customer to ever feel like they're being barked and yelled at.   However, if you still would like to try it, I would recommend the stone pot rice dishes. Skip the soup dumplings. The last time I got them, the skin had a very strange consistency that left it very sticky both while eating them and trying to get them off the basket (causing all the soup to fall out ... perhaps undercooked?).   I won't be coming back anytime soon. The food is not nearly good enough to be willing to accept this type of service especially when you're in the heart of Chinatown where there is so much else to choose from.
1 Not a good place to recommend, we just seat and this witness ask what we want? I was like i just sat down, i didnt even open my menu yet. This lady came to pouring tea for me with out letting wipe my cup yet, my hun ask this witness (Bao) nicely to lower the fan a bit. She gave us a very bad attitude and rude. Something is wrong w her. But i'm sure i don't want to go back anymore.   Very bad service of this witness name  BAO
5 Love the Chinese atmosphere and the food is just delicious, must try out the beef tendon and the porridge AND the peanut butter + soy sauce rice cake(not sure if the English is right..but ask them and try it!!!!
5 This is my third time coming in and every time I've ordered the same thing. I'm obsessed with the Devilish Ramen and the soup dumplings. I've had both ramen and soup dumplings from *a lot* of places around NYC and the DVM area. You definitely get your money's worth when you come here. They don't skimp on the ramen toppings like most places I've been. They also let you choose how spicy you want it, which is nice.  Also, even when this place is completely packed you won't wait long for a table. Their service is fast since they want to serve as many people as they can. I've made this place a staple for my NYC visits and will continue coming back.
2 For a Shanghai restaurant their Shanghai dumplings result don't taste that authentic. Not much family style entree selections and their portions are pretty small.
4 Everything was delicious and very flavorful! was moderately priced and good for what you get. Our waiter was very kind and helpful ask for "Bao". Pork dumplings were good but the dumplings were thin and the pork with break out some of the time.
1 Lol.. ordered this today and does it really worth the $10?!  Not even half full with the soup..ripped off
1 Braised beef brisket was harder than the rubber! I had one order with noodle and another one with rice noodle for my brother. It was supposed a fast stop for us due to parking. But disappointing food and service for the evening!
4 Really good soup dumplings! There is a lot of soup filling inside and the broth has just the right flavor, not too salty. They are served so quickly too. I actually liked the soup dumplings more than the main dish. I ordered a lo mein with braised beef brisket. The beef is delicious and very tender with a lot of flavor from the fat. It melts in your mouth. The noodles are alright but nothing special. Didn't really like the soup that it came with since it had sort of a strange fishy aftertaste. However the dish tastes pretty good with sriracha sauce on top. Not a bad dinner overall considering it was $20 for two people including tax and tip. Only thing to keep in mind is that the place is pretty crowded and the tables can feel kind of cramped. Also prepare to be in and out pretty quickly since the service is pretty rushed and they seem to be very anxious to clear up your table right away for the next customer.
4 very authenticate hong kong style restaurant. Shrimp Wonton Soup, congee with Sliced Fish, Braised Beef Brisket Tendon Noodle Soup never let you down,  and whenever i crave for the beef with fried flat noodle, i will just stop by the restaurant, order one beef with fried flat noodle, and feel very contented and happy afterwards.
4 Great authentic Chinese food. Huge menu selection from your classic wonton noodle soup to Shanghai soup dumplings--which were perfectly cooked in thinly wrapped skin, filled with a light but tasteful soup (our favorite order). Also a must order -- their rice bowls. We loved the Chinese sausage, but any of them looked good!   TIP: Let the rice bowls sit for a few minutes to get that nice, crispy rice at the bottom. Also, add some of that soy sauce on the table for added flavor!  Food: 4/5 Service: 3.5/5 Service Speed: 4/5 Price (college student budget): $   Would return & recommend? 5/5  instagram.com/grubgalz *follow @grubgalz on Instagram for more reviews & content!*
4 Love Chinese food but don't like the MSG? Come to the Noodle Village. It's a pretty authentic Hong Kong style eatery in Chinatown. Love coming in for a quick bite and whenever I'm in the mood for some comfort food.   Crab meat soup dumplings: pretty flavorful.  Fish balls and fish cakes noodle soup: one of my staples. I wonder if the fish balls are house made as they are really good.  Congee: good portion and just hit the spot.  Steamed rice roll with peanut and hoisin sauce: not pictured since we finished it so fast that I forgot. I usually ask to have the sauce on the side as a dipping sauce than having it all over it.  PS: Cash only. And the place filled up quick during weekdays lunch time.
4 Best soup dumplings around!  Super thin skin, but tons of juice.  Fried rice and chow fun great too!
5 One word, YUM!!! I stumbled upon this place when I was at jury duty down the street, and boy was it amazing. The soup dumplings are to die for (picture attached) and I got a brisket noodle soup. Awesome spot for authentic Chinese food, quick service, and attentive staff. Highly recommend
5 My favorite soup dumpling place! Joe's is a staple, but this is by far my favorite. They have pork and crab soup dumplings and a variety of noodles/ soups. Their clay pot dishes are also very good!
2 The ONLY thing good about this place is the soup dumplings. The rest are very plain and average. Devilish noodle is the worst kind of spicy and salty noodle I ever tasted
4 The food at this place is so simple yet so good. The quality of the food is amazing and marked at an affordable price. There is a lot of buzz and raves about how this place has the BEST WONTONS in Chinatown - let's just say I had to order three extra orders of it! It's so fresh. The wonton skin weren't falling apart, the meat and shrimp didn't taste over cooked. It was literally so good.  I also had to try that hot pot rices! Chinese sausage with spareribs and minced pork with spareribs. It took about 20-25 mins to make but it was worth it!   I enjoyed this meal with my family a lot and I would totally go back. Quick, cheap eats!
3 Came here with a friend at around 6:30pm and it was already crowded. Nonetheless, we got seated pretty quickly.  Service: 5/5. I thought the service here was  great - the servers were attentive and friendly and all of them were wore a smile on their face. I feel like many Chinese restaurants are a little rude and condescending but I definitely felt really welcomed here.  My friend and I order the oxtail curry noodles, pork xiao long bao, salty fish and pork claypot, and Chinese broccoli to share. Food: Oxtail curry noodles: 3/5. The curry sauce base was really good. However, we didn't get much meat - mainly just bones. The noodles are the same as wonton noodles and were perfect in texture. It held the sauce well. I think they put a lot of MSG in the dish, though. My friend and I each drank a liter of water after the meal. I would order the curry again but probably with a different protein. Pork xlb: 3/5. Potentially very good but most of ours had popped already when it was served so the soup spilled everywhere. The xlb outer skin layer wasn't too thick but not as thin as I hoped it would be. Salty fish and pork claypot: 4/5. This reminded me of home. Loved the crispy rice on the bottom of the claypot! Pretty authentic and the sweet soy sauce that came with it was spot on. Chinese broccoli: 4/5. This was average. Served with the classic oyster sauce. I think they overcooked it a little bit since it was a bit mushy.
4 Note: they take card!   Gem in Chinatown, known for great noodles! A great spot for groups although I'd highly suggest getting a reservation! Food was delicious and came out promptly. My favorite dish was easily the spare rib clay pot! I do love my crunchy rice. If you're looking to get good food in Chinatown with a group (including kids!) and need a place that takes card I'd highly recommend this spot!
3 the noodle soup here was decent, we got the he fun beef noodle soup and the egg noodle beef noodle soup. standard for chinatown, and price was alright (relative to the area), but service was terrible.   i guess when you're a well known place that attracts a ton of tourists you can afford to offer below-par service. soup dumplings were whack - for the best soup dumplings head to Joe's Shanghai.
4 One of the a few comfy seating, good service restaurants in Chinatown. Service is good (we spoke in Cantonese though), good price and good quality food! Very happy to have a quick dinner here.
4 Wouldn't get the ox tail but the confee was incredible. Would go again! The noodles were also relatively good and I'd go again!
4 This is a staple. Best congee and pork and chive dumplings in NY. The congee is always silky smooth and flavorful because the base was cooked with scallops. Pork and chive dumplings are always juicy! The meat mixture inside isn't fatty, which I appreciate. Together with the sauce on the side, these dumplings are pretty spot on. The service here has always been good, better than most restaurants in Chinatown.
5 Best soup and noodles in the China town ever.  I have been New York for 15 years  and came here all the time.
4 I think this is my favorite place for XLBs. The skin is super thin and translucent & the crab/pork dumplings are very flavorful and soupy. I've also had their wonton soup, which is really solid and super cheap as well. Their house special fried rice is also one of my favs in chinatown--comes with all the meats and is a huge dish! Love getting a ton of food for under $10.   Yesterday when my boyfriend and I went, we ordered the hong kong style noodles with the two choices of toppings. We chose the braised beef brisket as well as the shrimp dumplings. I loved the shrimp dumplings--they had huge pieces of shrimp inside of them, but I didn't love the flavor of the beef. These hong kong noodles were kind of eh, I've never had them before. It was boiled, dry noodles with a drizzle of sweet sauce on top and then the toppings. There were also a couple of steamed, green leafy veggies on top and the dish was served with a side of pretty plain tasting soup that you are supposed to dump on top of the noodle dish. This tasted alright, just not sure if I would order it again. My boyfriend who is chinese said that it was accurate in flavor, I guess it just wasn't my fav taste! I thought that it was a little dry and bland in flavor.   Overall, I love coming here though! The food here is cheap, tastes great, and the restaurant looks really clean. Also best soup dumplings in NYC in my opinion. Order this and the house special fried rice and you will not be disappointed!
5 I have tried almost every wonton noodle restaurant in NYC China town and this is by far the best I have tasted.  The Noodles are thinner and have more egg noodle flavor than larger noodles that taste like just flour.  The broth is rich and not under seasoned.  The Wontons are delicious, hand made to order and fresh not refrigerated or frozen.  The only downside is that they do it have roast duck, don't know why they do not but it would have been perfect, with the noodles.  The soup dumplings are also one of the best I have had in the United States hands down!  Much better than the famous chain Din Tai Fung! They are also made fresh to order and you can taste it in the flavor and texture.  From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall restaurant but upon entry the place is nicely decorated and inviting, very clean, not what you would expect from an older restaurant in Chinatown.  Never judge a book by its cover is all true about Noodle Village! My new favorite noodle and soup dumpling restaurant in NYC!
3 A clean, safe choice, especially when on jury duty, for generally authentic Chinese noodles and rice (HK/Cantonese & Shanghai mixture). Such a combo is a bit unusual but nevertheless happy marriage for those who at times may want both Cantonese style noodles and XLB at the same time.  The XLB (sho lon po) is somewhat different than actual Shanghai or Taiwan ones.  Here the soup in the XLB is (very) strongly flavored and while plentiful, is far thicker than ever encountered. That the skin was one of the thinnest found in New York is a big plus.  However, my preference is for more delicately flavored XLB.  There are several noodle & rice dishes to choose from but as HK origins are insinuated, the dutiful choice was Cantonese style soup noodles or lo mein HK style (a style not readily available elsewhere except places like HK Wonton Gardens on Mulberry).   HK style lo mein (choice of thin egg or flat egg noodles) is not the stir fried American Chinese version but steamed (or boiled) noodles topped by your selection, served with soup on the side. Here the plate of noodles comes also with boiled Chinese broccoli and a braised turnip and a light application of a tangy sweet thick-ish sauce - the kind frequently poured on Chines siu mai. Although both the noodles and soup can be consumed separately, I prefer dipping the noodles and toppings little bit at a time in the soup and then enjoy it together. This way noodles are kept from over cooking, it lightens up the taste and on a warm summer day you won't get over heated.  It may seem there are many choices for toppings but in actuality the selection is far less than you would find at a pure Cantonese noodle joint such as Great NY Noodletown on Bowery and no BBQs..  The topping I selected, braised beef brisket, I would not choose again. What looked like nice and fatty 4 or 5 medium thickly sliced pieces are difficult to eat as it is tough and stringy - unless you use the knife and fork they provide and re-slice them to separate the more chewable parts (which the tendons and fat were not). For smoother eating, I suggest toppings like wontons, dumplings, fish or beef balls.  The flat noodles were prepared very nicely, had a nice al dente factor and did not have that ubiquitous scent frequently associated with Cantonese noodles. The soup stock however had a very pungent seafood (dried shrimp) scent, dark colored and was also rather (too) strongly flavored (salty), rendering it not consumable after a few dippings of noodle and toppings. A nicely flavored, lighter more delicate and clear stock is used at Great NY Noodletown or HK Wonton Garden...but, service is kinder and facilities cleaner here.
5 If you want a nice hole in the wall, take a walk down to Mott Street and discover Noodle Village's Chinese sausage clay pot with sticky rice. The rice has the perfect texture and the sausage booms with flavor. Top everything off with the BEST soup dumplings Chinatown has to offer. The skin of the dumplings is perfectly thin has that perfect chewy texture. The broth is so flavorful and has the perfect amount of pork to balance it out.
1 Ordered online through their website, created and registered an account and even received an email confirming my order was placed. An hour later I call to follow up and the woman basically said they don't have any online orders and for me to check I have the right company. I explained the entire process I went through and she just kept rudely repeating that they didn't have online order. Why was it on the website then??
3 I was really looking forward to eating here after seeing the reviews. However, it didn't live up to the hype. The soup dumplings were ok, not great, kind of sweet soup for some reason. I got the "super spicy" ramen and asked for extra spicy after contemplating if it will be too hot for me. It came and wasn't even spicy so I was pretty disappointed. The service was fine and we didn't have to wait at all for a table for two.
5 My favorite is Curry Cutter Fish,Pig Skin Hong Kong Style Lo Mein , Speciality is Congee  Wonton Noodle Soup, Claypot Chicken Rice etc
5 Best spot! We have been coming for years - quality and service have been consistent great.   Love their wonton noodle soup, devilish ramen, and soup dumplings. I've had essentially everything on the menu and I honestly have not been disappointed yet.   Can get busy during peak meal times so plan accordingly or go off hours if you can.
3 Food is good. But taking off 2 stars because they claimed the 5% off offer on yelp "doesn't work on Sundays"......
3 Came at 2pm on a Saturday. It was busy, but not crowded. Service was attentive and I quickly found a spot to sit. I ordered the crab meat xlb (蟹粉小笼包) and pork and century egg congee (皮蛋瘦肉粥). Portions were good - congee could have easily been split between 2 or 3 people. I loved the amount of ginger in the congee, but the pork was too fatty and the meat/egg didn't seem super fresh. Soup dumplings, as other reviewers have mentioned, were pretty thin but held up to being picked up by chopsticks. They were pleasant with chili sauce but didn't measure up to other xlb I've had in the past. Maybe the plain pork xlb are better? Overall, a decent choice if you're craving congee. Total for the two dishes came to ~18 with tip. I'm interested in their cilantro/black egg wontons, so I may be back for that. I'll try somewhere else for xlb next time though!
4 Quickly seated; prompt service. Dumplings were definitely the best things we ordered. Nice mix of locals and tourists. Enjoyable lunch!
5 The shrimp wontons here are the best. It's also a plus that they're open fairly early. My husband and I got the shrimp wonton soup with noodles and crab soup dumplings. I like that the wontons aren't small but packed with good flavorful shrimp. The noodles are thin and cooked perfectly and not bloated/ over cooked. The soup dumplings here have become better over the years. The broth tasted clean and the dumpling skin didn't rip apart when picked up. We will def come back here to eat again.
4 I love the food here. The wonton noodle is one of the best I've had in Chinatown. I also love their xiaolongbao (juicy dumplings) and curry noodles. The service is not always the best, but the food is great and I would recommend and come back again.
5 Delicious chinese food. Ample seating. What I love most about noodle village is the cheap prices for their food! I always get the pork soup dumplings and a hearty bowl of wonton noodles which are both so flavorful! I also like their pork kidney lo mein, the peanut and hoison rice rolls, and the scallion pancake! My father and I ordered a sizzling hot stone rice bowl with sausage and spare ribs and let me tell you, that was so filling and one of the best bowls of rice I had in NY. If you like slightly burnt crispy rice in a stone pot, this is your go to! There's so many other options like congee which I will try in the near future as well as ramen. The servers are mostly on too of refilling hot tea in your cup and are very attentive. Highly highly recommend this place!
5 Great food and really good prices 8 people ate for around $100 will definitely come next time in nyc
4 Noodle Village came up on my search for the best soup dumplings in Chinatown, so a friend and I stopped in to try a few orders. We were seated with another group and quickly served tea, standard practice in Chinatown.  I placed an order for shanghai soup dumplings, as well as crab soup dumplings. Normally, the difference between pork and crab soup dumplings is negligible, but in this instance, I'm glad i got both. The crab dumplings had a heavy crab flavor, with what appeared to be crab roe as a topping. The shanghai (pork) dumpling were also quite good.  I actually prefer this place to Joe's Shanghai
3 Noodle Village is good if you stick to the congee, xlb and wonton soup.   We tried out the other items this last time and it wasn't nearly as great. Tasted sort of like the other big-menu Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.   The beef chow fun, a staple item, had noodles that were too soft and not very flavorful, but the good thing was that it wasn't too oily. The oxtail curry came out 10-15 minutes after the chow fun, but it wasn't great. The oxtail was tough and the rice was too hard.   Service is quick and easy. The price is fair and the line moves fast if you come during busy hours.
4 Pros:  A from a sanitary inspection. Tasty, authentic Chinese food, told to us by a young Chinese guy seated with us, and obvious by the number of Chinese customers present. Excellent, thin-dough, dumplings. We shared shrimp dumplings in noodle soup, several plates of fried dumplings, congee soup with corn and mushrooms, spring rolls, scallion pancakes. Everything except the pancakes was very tasty. Paid, for 4 people, only $50 including tip! Cons: Rushed and slightly rude waiters.  Horrible tea, just hot water. When we asked for real tea they told us they don't have it!  Only scallion pancakes were not good, very greasy, crunchy and no scallions.
4 Yum, what a great new find! Came here for dinner last night with two friends. We came at 8 PM and although the restaurant was mostly full, we were seated immediately.   We shared the Chinese Broccoli and I had the Braised Beef Brisket Tendon Noodle Soup. The Chinese Broccoli were larger than any of the other ones I had ever seen, and unfortunately didn't taste that great. The leaves were a bit too soggy and the sauce on the side was not enough to give them great flavor. The noodle soup was yummy! Good flavor, not too salty, and a good amount of tendon. Don't be fooled by the size of the regular bowl: it was plenty of food. Though I guess if you're super super hungry, then maybe order the large size. My friends got soup dumplings and unfortunately found that most of theirs were open. They said the soup dumplings were yummy, but were rightfully sad about all the soup left behind in the steamer. They also got a congee which they liked.  The service here was excellent! Like excellent as far as any restaurant goes, not just the Chinese ones, and I was super impressed. They kept our tea refilled and the food came out fast. The prices here are amazing! We each spent around $12 for our delicious food. You can pay with card if your order exceeds $25 or you can pay with cash and get 5% off.
5 We decided to have a authentic Chinese dinner and selected the noodle village restaurant! We were seated immediately and given tea! The additional drink orders were taken and delivered promptly! The food was extremely tasty and favorable! It wasn't too salty but seasoned to perfection! Everyone enjoyed their dinner and the amazing service! This was a excellent selection and comes highly recommended! There are options for everyone and they can accommodate large groups with no issue! The menu is quite extensive! We will definitely be back to enjoy this one again!
4 Hubby and I tried coming here before but had no luck, too crowded. This time we got lucky! The menu looks so good with different types of noodle dishes plus dumplings and others too. First, the hostess tried to sit us right at the front but we didn't like the seat due to too much traffics and small space between the aisle. The hostess didn't know we would order many different dishes that need a bigger space. We asked for an empty table by the wall in the middle section and spacious, so she gave us that table. Nice!   We started ordering the clams, Chinese broccoli, cuttlefish, soy sauce eggs, soup dumplings, seafood dumpling lo mein, shrimp dumpling, scallion pancake, and chicken lollipops. Wow! We ate all that? Yes! Because each portion is small and we took our time to try each one. To be honest, we really didn't have to order the lollipop chicken and scallion pancake but Hubby wanted to try. The best dish is the clam dish. I must get this one again! The taste was so flavorful. It's nothing like Asian sauce but combination of all the best ingredients but I don't know what those ingredients are. Chinese broccoli was made perfectly, crunchy too! The fact that they offer different size of vegetable plates is awesome. So we picked the small plate with reasonable price but we got to taste a lot of vegetable in that small plate. The shrimp dumpling was another good dish. Cuttlefish was the reason I wanted to come in because I saw the picture outside the restaurant. However this dish couldn't beat the clam. The seafood dumpling Lo Mein was quite tasty. It comes with vegetable around it and dumplings on top. The soup dumpling was ok but I liked shrimp dumpling better. Scallion pancake was pretty good.   We received a good service from the staff. They got a name tag on, so it's easy to address and call them. At the end we left happy and the hostess suggested that we come back for more. Ha ha!
5 Had the 3 type of dumplings soup and loved it. The noodles had that perfect wonton noodle texture, springy, not soggy. Very fresh dumplings, big shrimp.  The soybean milk was indeed fresh.   There is an egg white-ginger-milk dessert thing and it was very refreshing.  The black and white dumplings were yummy. Black was my favorite.   The stewed beef and stewed cow parts dishes were very flavorful.  Fried fish skin was okay. Not the freshest I've ever had, but okay.
5 Authentic Hong Kong cuisine! Even the decorations and atmosphere is authentic! Their Clay pot rice (or hot pot rice) is cooked well and very flavorful. The service is also pleasant, which is unlike many other Chinatown restaurants. Highly reconmend!
1 I've been ordering the same take out order every once a week and this lady at the front desk and she's been changing the prices from $7.57 to $8.17 to $8.20! As a customer that's not nice so look at your check to make sure! I love the food but that's not make me want to go back!
4 This place has amazing food, but service is sometimes lacking.  The pan fried vegetable dumplings are delicious!!!!  The soup dumplings are pretty tasty too.
4 A good place if you are in Chinatown and want to try chinese cuisine. The fried pork dumpling was fantastic which was served on top of a wooden block. The guava punch drink was fruity and is a must try.
5 Loved this place!  Came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was pretty packed. Luckily we didn't have to wait since a table just got available.  We ordered:  Cilantro with Black egg dumpling noodle soup (5/5) - OMG this was the best dish we ordered. The noodles we got were hand pulled flat rice noodles and they were so freakin good. Wasn't mushy or overcooked which is always a concern for me when it comes to rice noodle. The broth was also on point, tasted homemade and not salty. But the best part of this dish is the black egg dumplings, it had little pieces of black egg that brought the dumpling to a whole other level. Genius! The Large was enough for 2 or 3 ppl to share.   Crab and pork soup dumplings (3/5) - I actually didn't like these soup dumplings as much as the plain pork ones. They tasted a little too artificially crabby/salty for my taste. I would skip.  Pork soup dumplings (4/5) - Good but not the best soup dumplings i've had.   Steamed pork & chive dumplings (5/5) - prob the 2nd best dish we got, good sized plump and juicy dumplings. LOVE! Doesn't get better than that.  Overall, this is one of the better chinese restaurants in chinatown. Service is great, nice decor/ambiance, great food, and really clean. Will definitely come back!
5 The second Chinese restaurant we have eaten at during our visit to NYC. Service was quick, staff was friendly and food was very good. Some of the best shrimp spring rolls I've had! Highly recommend!
4 Classy Chinese food. Rather than the type of street food type :-)  everything tastes pure and clean. Noodles are a must. And I usually get the soup dumplings as well. The congee here is really soothing. All in all, Can't go wrong here
1 The soup dumplings are extremely sweet!! It may be a Shanghainese style to add a little sugar but they added way too much. The crab soup dumpling tasted similar to the Shanghainese soup dumpling. Weird. And fake crab flavoring. Noodles were okay but the portions did not justify the pricing. Servers do not know how to smile and were not friendly. Disappointed and Not going back again.
1 We were a group of three and all of our food was terrible. The service was even worse. We will never come back to this place.
5 Highly recommend this place, found it here in yelp and it was not a mistake. I had the beef brisket over rice, my mom the chicken fried rice, an order of pork and chive dumpling and har gow. It was all delicious. Especially the pork and chive dumpling, I highly suggest on getting it. Great service, it does get tight during lunch though.
4 Just checked out the reviews and stopped for dinner on a Saturday night. The resturant was full but luckily we were seated right away. We ordered lo mein, soup dumpling, and cuttlefish. I loved how the food came out very quickly. The portions aren't amazing but for the price, very good. Me and my friend shared 3 dishes and was somewhat full. Will come again and try some other menus!
1 Food tests good, but very little so it's expensive for just noodle and wonton restaurant, and people is very noisy there. Gave us wrong food. The waitress is too tired to work.
5 Great first dining experience for this trip to New York. Foods was very fresh and tastes great. Good portions.
5 So yummy. I do admit it was funny watching a foreign family order 5 dishes to consume individually when they should have shared it family style....especially if they ordered fried rice, chow fun, and sho long bao. Those are HUGE portion for a teen girl to try to eat solo.   Otherwise...I got a small wonton noodle soup and it was Devine. I savored every moment of it.   Then I looked over to the family trying to figure out how to eat their food...I suggested not to stick the entire sho long Bao into your mouth while it's still steaming. And suggested they get separate plates to share their meals....the light bulb came on and they were actually smiling rather than frowning at their food.   Back to my food. I drank the broth, consumed the noodles and devoured the wonton. It was perfection.
4 Foods taste exactly like what I got in Hong Kong! The milk tea and congee are my favorites! The texture of the fish balls aren't the best though.
5 Eat here! Variety of dishes. Staff is friendly. Credit card friendly but you need to spend a certain amount, $20 i think. Sometimes difficult to get a table during lunch hour. Would definitely recommend the soup dumplings and the clay pot rice with the variety of meats!! The ginger egg dessert was nice. Try their oily chili sauce!
5 The cilantro with black egg dumplings is probably the best noodle soup there is. There's a lot of flavorful broth and the dumplings are super nice filled with near. The noodles are nice and long and thin. Service is very fast and the wait isn't long. It's usually empty during lunch so that's a good time to pop in and enjoy some well priced food. Be sure to check in and get a 5% discount on your meal.
5 Hey yo.   After walking around on a warm (turned cold) April day, I wanted to chomp on something warm. I've been here one time before and I can say that this joint is quite popular. I had about a 20 minute wait on a Saturday evening.   Chomped: 1. Shrimp Wonton Soup 2. Congee with Sliced Fish 3. Braised Beef Brisket Tendon Noodle Soup  This is one of several Hong Kong style cafes in Chinatown. The service is quick, which is ideal for fast food. The food itself tasted authentic with not too much MSG added (if any added at all). I'm definitely intrigued by the soup dumplings here...
5 Stumbled across this restaurant while walking around Chinatown late on a Saturday night. The restaurant was still really crowded even around 9 pm, with people waiting to be seated. We ordered wonton noodle soup, which I think was particularly authentic tasting, as well as soup dumplings. The flavor of the dumplings was pretty good, but it was a little too sweet for my taste. The service was very quick and the prices are hard to beat!
5 I came here last night on an empty stomach and this place did me justice! They have amazing dumplings, and I also tried their rainbow soy milk (I think that's the name for It) and It was delicious! I also had their noodle dish that came with beef. Overall, very good restaurant.
4 This place is a 4.5 star!! I've heard a lot about how authentic Shanghai food is in China town, Manhattan. Several years back, I tried another one and it was amazingly authentic. This time I tried this one after reading reviews.   This place had  90% of Chinese people dining when I came and it was definitely pretty authentic. I got three things and all of them were good. This is a very good choice when Shanghai Asian Manor and Joe's Shanghai are having long lines.
5 Great little find in Chinatown. Awesome food and quick service.  Was crowded but it moved fast! Will definitely come back again!
3 Went here with a friend to grab a bite to eat for dinner after reading some good things about this place.  We started with soup dumplings and a scallion pancake. The soup dumplings were alright, nothing to write home about, but the scallion pancake was very good.  For my main meal, I got the beef brisket curry with HK ramen. I wasn't the biggest fan of this dish as it just did not really all go together that well.  Overall, I think I must have ordered the wrong thing off the menu, but it was in their Chef specialties section so...but otherwise I feel like there is much better (and cheaper) food to be had in Chinatown.
5 been trying to try this place for a while, I have to say it didnt disappoint me.   The wait time was ok, about 10mins we were seated.  I know it's noodle village but i didnt order noddle, instead, i ordered some starters , two mains. The curry oxtail is very delicious, super flavorful. The pig feet cooked very well it fell off the bone. Shrimp wonton is ok but you can see the big piece of shrimp in the middle which taste really good. the soup dumpling is the best, super thin skin and you can see the crab in the dumpling, and very strong seafood flavor in the crab meat soup dumpling. one of the best soup dumplings i had in Chinatown.
1 Took more than half an hour to get a take out with 2 dishes. Kitchen staff or chef comes out yelling something in Chinese. I asked why he's yelling and why it's taking so long but the front staff just kept laughing with no explanation in English. And eggs  in beef chow fun? I'm not going back there.
5 Delicious, unique and authentic food for a very affordable price.  Had the oxtail curry and deviled ramen. Both outstanding.  Cannot wait to come back.
2 Very busy restaurant that seems to get a good mix of locals and tourists. And as you enter the place you could tell a portion of the traffic was driven by its yelp rating. Although the ran by Cantonese owner, Noodle village has a comprehensive menu serving Cantonese and Shanghainese cuisine including noodles, roasted meats, dim sum dish. We ended up getting congee with liver and fish, Xiao long bao, clay pot rice with spare ribs and egg, and coffee/tea. The food arrived quickly but was average at best, lacking flavor and authenticity. Specifically, the clay pot rice wasn't even cooked in a clay pot, effectively not producing any burnt rice (one of the best things about this dish). Sadly, I won't be returning.
4 Wow, I'm definitely impressed. After hearing about Noodle Village from several of my friends I knew the day would come sooner or later where I'd have an experience it myself. Luckily, that day came this past Sunday.  We arrived around 7 PM and waited for the hostess to seat us. I was taken back with how busy it was on a Sunday evening. Almost every table in the place was full! Regardless though, she was able to find us two seat near the back and left us to enjoy our hot tea as we sifted through the menu.The restaurant itself is pretty modest. Not the biggest place, but you're definitely able to sit comfortably even when it's packed.  When it came time to order we stuck with some staples, as well as something new on my end. We ended up with an order of the Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup ($6.25), two orders of the Steamed Shanghai Soup Dumplings ($5.95 each), and an order of the Black Egg with Pork Congee ($6.25).  Our first two dishes were great! Really good flavor and the assortment of spices and sauces they have out for you to use really amplified the taste of the dishes. In regards to the Congee, it was my FIRST time ever trying the dish and all I can say is wow. Good flavor, interesting texture, and extremely hearty. I can definitely see myself eating it as a staple on any given day. Definitely a must try!  Overall this was a really great experience! The food is authentic and the service was extremely fast and efficient. For what you're paying you're definitely getting these dishes at a steal. I can guarantee that this won't be my last time here.
4 I just went business to Nee York last Friday! I found out this place by Yelp! Highly recommend this noodle place and clean and good service as well!   They have variety of foods to select! If next time back to New York, I should try different kinds !
4 Come here for dumplings. All sorts of dumplings--shrimp, pork and chive, mushroom and chicken, seafood, pork and cabbage. Dumplings wrapped in traditional Chinese dumpling skins, wonton skins, rice wrappers. The noodles here are pretty good too but the dumplings are what really shine.   Having been here a handful of times this place is a generically furnished, what-you-see-is-what-you-get unpretentious establishment. The patrons come here for simple, good dumplings, noodles and rice dishes. It's pretty packed most evenings Thursdays-Sundays, but not too difficult to get a seat. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes. Prices are on the cheap side and service is your typical no frills Chinese restaurant, just order your food and they'll come around to refill your water a couple of times.
5 Cheap food - yessssss   I had a good experience here. Food was good. We ordered lots of dumplings, some greasy noodles and broccoli. While some places will charge you almost triple the price of a regular dish for veggies - Noodle Village - only charges $5-6 for the veggie dish which is a nice change. Crab & pork XLB were good. Def a solid spot.   The staff reminded me of my aunties. They were warmly gossiping with a few regulars in Canto, and did not frown at me for only knowing how to ask for the check/to package my leftovers in Chinese.   The place looked clean and we sat in a small booth. Prices were great for the amount of food that we inhaled. Would def come back.
3 Food is tasty and I really want to return to this restaurant but the bathroom smelled soooooo disgusting... It wasn't dirty but the smell was just unbearable. I joke around w my husband that it traumatised me.
5 Visited NYC and ate here(steamed pork dumplings and dumpling noodle soup) 2 days in a row. Also took some dumpling noodle soup to go for my flight home. LOVED IT!!!!
4 Better-than-average Chinese food in Chinatown. Place is clean, prices are cheap, they take credit card and service is friendly. Would definitely recommend over the majority of other places in Chinatown.
3 Was in the neighborhood and decided to stop in for a late lunch .   Started with the Crab steamed dumplings and chicken fried rice . Also had an order of fried Bun as well.  The only dish I really liked was the Chicken Fried Rice .  You get a good amount of rice with a generous amount of chicken .  At Most restaurants is more rice and less chicken , but that's not the case here .   The other two dishes were so, so .  I'm sure you can get better dumplings elsewhere.    FYI There's a $25 dollar minimum for credit cards .
4 Great variety of food, everything from dumplings to chicken wings. Rice dishes. We ordered soup dumplings and beef chowfun. Simple and great.
5 Great food & service. Complimentary hot tea, always refilled it without me even asking. Cute little spot with authentic food.
4 This is for when your original plan of bringing in the Chinese New Year with Boiled Dumplings at the newish location of Lam Zhou turns to sh*t.  Let's just call this plan 'B.'  So yeah...  Apparently, beloved to me at least, hand-pulled noodle spot, Lam Zhou closes on Chinese New Year's Eve.  Taiwanese Mama friend and I, along with respective kids, found this out the very hard way on what was turning out to be a windy, rainy, cold, gross night.  But when life gives you lemons, it's all about making that proverbial lemonade, or perhaps, in this case, Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup:  Happily, this turned out to be the perfect cozy respite from the aforementioned crap weather.  In relative Chinatown terms, the dining space is pleasant and comfortable.  Even, dare I say, clean.  Ish.  Service was also very attentive, if perhaps a bit over eager to turn tables.    As for the food, enjoyed just about everything we tried, which included Boiled Pork Dumplings, Chicken Noodle Soup, Scallion Pancakes, Spicy Wontons, Pork Soup Dumplings, and Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup.  The standout was definitely the delicious and comforting-on-a-blistery-night, Shrimp Wonton Noodle Soup.  If I had to pick something I probably wouldn't be into ordering again, I'd have to say the Spicy Wontons. I'd expected them to be tossed with a hot red chili oil, but they came with another sauce I wasn't familiar with and I didn't especially care for it.  Bottom line:  While there wasn't a single dish that elicited an "OMG, this is sooo amazeballs!" five star worthy exclamation from me, the food overall was really satisfying.  I'd gladly return. Ty fate, for nudging us toward exactly where we needed to be.:)  ps  This is located on the outskirts of Chinatown.  To make it worth the schlep, may I suggest an appetizer at nearby Tasty Dumpling beforehand?  Ironically, the eponymous Dumplings are not remotely tasty. But the Pork & Cabbage filled Pancake is heaven.  Aji Ichiban USA is also a fun stop if you're into free samples of Japanese candy.  And for a full-on dessert, hit up insta-fabulous Sweet Moment for some Bingsoo, aka Korean Shaved Ice topped with all sorts of goodies.  That's what we did and it was a delicious way to ring in the Year of the Dog.  Woof!
5 Delicious food, competitive prices, expedient service, and extensive menu.  The Peppery sauce on the table is the most amazing thing I've ever eaten - it's like the cartelized clumps that crisp up after you're caramelizing onions.  Won-tons are the most amazing in Manhattan. Definitely recommend #78 Wonton Soup - it contains a variety of dumplings.
5 Noodle Village is HANDS DOWN the best restaurant in NYC Chinatown. (Ok ok all my Yelp fans will note that I also called Noodle Town the best restaurant in Chinatown, but only being able to call one restaurant the best is a ~social construct~.)  I'm talking the best soup dumplings in the area. Forget Joe's Shanghai or Shanghai Asian Manor. These soup dumplings are fatty and rich and strike a savory note deep, like so deep, within you. They're so good that I have to come here once a week so my girlfriend can get her fill. It's reminiscent of walking your favorite dog or filling your priceless car with gas. She...NEEDS...these soup dumplings.   But don't be fooled. I personally don't even think the soup dumplings are the best thing on the menu at Noodle Village. The braised beef noodle soup HK style ($8.75) literally brings me back to Hong Kong slurping on rich, nourishing, beefy soup and wolfing down bundles of thin egg noodles that have a wonderfully chewy bite. The braised turnip (so sad they only give you one) is incredibly flavorful. If you're looking for something with a bit of kick, my go-to is actually the braised beef brisket ramen HK style - hot and spicy ($10.75). The ramen noodles are perfectly cooked, the meat is so tender, and I never leave a drop of soup left - it's like the perfect fusion of traditional Chinese beef noodle soup and a hint of Japanese ramen. Noodle Village makes their own spicy chili oil that's to die for - it's got the usual spicy and umami flavors you're looking for but with a subtle smoky note (maybe charred garlic?). You can actually buy it from them, and they put it on some of their other dishes too like the cuttlefish with hot and spicy sauce ($9.75) and fried tofu with hot and spicy sauce ($8.25, which I also highly recommend!).   But wait, there's more! For those of you looking for something that reminds you of home, their black egg with pork congee ($6.25) brings me straight back to my kitchen table at home where my mom is telling me to sit with better posture and to eat more fruit. One of my favorite desserts of all time is mantou (steamed/fried bun) with condensed milk which is like fried dough but way better and THEY HAVE IT HERE ($4.25) - next time you come, treat yo self.
3 Pretty good service and decent speed. Although usually crowded and very busy but not a long wait. Longest is around 5-10mins. Good for kids and groups. Quite loud and noisy too. Cleanliness is alright and organized is fine. Nice interior and alright atmosphere just because it's so packed and everything is tight together and too loud and noisy. Not had to find and takes card, but if you want to pay in cash, there's a couple different banks just a couple blocks away. Soup dumplings were good, not the best but does savour your cravings. My boyfriend really liked the curry but I think the texture of it is not my favourite. However, the curry is quite small but still reasonable prices. The rice that came with the curry was dry as in over cooked without enough water or left too long on in the open that it's a bit hard and dry and the colour of part of the rice is not nice and white but starting to turn transparent. My seafood ramen is fine, not bad but nothing too special. Seafood are mostly frozen and not too fresh, soup base is decent but not enough consistency. Also, the ramen itself is quite on the harder (not exactly chewy) side. Consider how many Chinese restaurant around the area, I don't think I'd be coming back.
3 The food was good, but the waiters was rude. When I raised my hand they ignored me. So the service wasn't good.
4 Awesome soup dumplings. I didn't love my dumpling soup as it was very bland but the soup dumplings and the noodle soup my boyfriend got were so good. We came here because the Shanghai spot that a lot of people go to was packed and we will be back to noodle house.
5 Great food, lively atmosphere. A bit loud but part of the fun. Shanghai Soup Dumplings to die for.
3 Hmmm service sucks. Period. Ambiance is busy, the waiters are too busy for you, they either ignore you or tell you to wait. Food is hit or miss, i loveeee their steam rice roll with peanut sauce and fried fishballs are amazing. The crab soup dumplings have a good shell, nice texture but the fillers are sweet, too much MSG i assume, i've definitely had better (joe shanghai and shanghai garden on mott st). I've had their shrimp wonton noodle soup, the soup had no salt and taste like water, i flagged down the waiter he told me there's a whole table of seasoning salt it yourself??! Rude AF! Ox tail was under cooked, i'm used to ox tails falling off the bone, their ox tail was tough and very difficult to eat. My favorite item here is their egg pudding, it's amazing..silky smooth and not too sweet. Get it warm, its so good. Wished they had better staff, they definitely have the potential to get a better rating!
5 This might be one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. I've lived in NYC for 5 years now, and the fact that I have only just now discovered Noodle Village brings me immense regret! Don't make my mistake!!  I came here on a rainy night after a brutally long day of work, seeking solace and comfort. I was fortunate to come with friends who were seasoned veterans of Noodle Village. We started with the Cuttlefish with Hot and Spicy Sauce. There's a reason they sell jars of their chili sauce to go - it's so damn good. Definitely a great starter.  Next we had the Shanghai Soup Dumplings. I have to say...these soup dumplings are the best I've had so far. The skin is slightly thinner, and the filling was rich with an interesting touch of sweetness that cuts through the fat. Unlike other places, the soup filling wasn't overly salty and didn't leave my mouth feeling greasy afterwards.   Finally, I had the HK Style Braised Beef Brisket Noodle Soup. This really hit the spot. The beef was perfectly tender and the broth was super savory. You can't go wrong with this noodle soup.   I think one of the reasons this place isn't as "viral" or famous as other Chinatown restaurants (Joe's Shanghai, Lan Zhou, etc.) is that it doesn't heavily advertise a signature dish. But everything I ordered was amazing. I can't wait to come back for more soup dumplings, and to try out their congee and wonton soup.
5 Excellent Hong Kong style food. I like the shrimp won ton soup. The soup dumpling is also great!. Sausage over the rice is one of the best I have in many years. I will be one of the return customers.
4 Hands down the most delicious Curry Beef Brisket (咖喱牛腩饭) I've ever eaten. Service is not desirable but expected for location and restaurant type. Don't bring a date here but come with a friend or alone with a hungry stomach!
4 A little restaurant but delicious food. I really enjoyed my soup and the Chinese broccoli I had. The tea is excellent too.
3 It was decent okay. The broth was delicious and so was the beef that came with it. It was about $9-$10. We also order the Shanghai crab meat soup dumpling. It was about $6-$8 wasn't to my liking cause of the lumpy, sorta undress in a way, would not recommend it. My friends also order the lo mein, devil ramen and beef ramen. The devil ramen wasn't as spicy as she wanted but it had lots of seafood in it and was very pretty.
5 Honestly the best noodles i've had in a long time. Their dumplings and wontons are amazing! Definitely check this place out!
5 Every time I am in the city I make a point to go to noodle village. It is always busy but well worth the wait and it isn't too long most days. The congee is amazing. Great flavor and texture, best I have had. The dim sum is incredible, never disappoints. The prices are extremely affordable and it is right in the heart of China town so nearby shopping is easily accessible after your meal. It's a great experience and the employees will help to explain what the options are so you are not let down by what you receive. Staff is nice and fast!
4 This place has become my goto place in New York whenever I crave for congee, and noodles.  The congee was on point and the dry noodles werent fried so it was light and not oily, which was great.  My favorite was the beef curry lo mein not in soup.  The xiao long bao soup dumplings were also pretty unique.   The soup dumplings skin was more jelly-ish unlike at other places, which held the soup together, and keep the soup from eating into the dough.  Wonton was good too!  Service was always excellent. The servers were all attentive and had good English.
4 I had a great date with my friend Bella here (not just bc I can show off my ordering skill). Good price and menu with so many things. We tried from fried bao buns, dumplings, scallion pancakes, to noodles. A fun place to be with friends because of the exciting ambience. The free hot tea is a plus especially in this cold northeast weather. If you're looking for specialties, this might not be the place. If you're shooting for good quantity and variety, perfect match.
4 My favorite beef brisket soup so far in NY. The meat, broth and noodles were all good. I will return
1 Alas, after much contemplation, I can leave a full and honest review. We arrived for lunch on Sunday to a full dining room. There was one large circular table with 6 seats available and they decided to seat us there. I thought to myself "this is out of the ordinary", assuming that we'd be sitting at the table alone. Two minutes later, they seat two parties of 1 at our table. My intuition was correct! I would've preferred a heads up before being sat there because I would have opted to wait for a 2-top so that I wouldn't have to stare at strangers while eating. I decided to make a trek from Harlem alllll the way down to the opposite end of Manhattan in the blistering cold because the reviews and pictures were really compelling. Someone eventually came to us and immediately asked "are you ready?". Uhm..hi, hello? We ordered the House Fried Rice, Oxtail Curry Noodle Soup, Fried Pork Dumplings and a dessert that I don't know the name of. The food was great!! Some of the best fried rice I've had in NYC & the oxtail curry noodle soup was super yummy. The dumplings were standard, but good. So I guess you're wondering where the 1 star comes from, am I right? I was ecstatic that I'd found a legit Cantonese restaurant with great food. After we finished, it all went downhill...The bill came & I placed my card down and she looked at it and mumbled something about cash. She took it to the register and came back 2 minutes later. In the loudest of voices she could garner from the depths of her soul, she lamented, "YOUR CARD WAS DECLINED". She handed me receipts that said something about a machine malfunction, not that my card was declined. In this sort of environment, attempting to speak to someone who will respond to your actual point or understand you is just a useless attempt. So I laughed at her insolence and laid another card down because I didn't have time to argue with her about the card not being declined. Once she came back, 3 servers stood around me and watched me to make sure that I would sign the receipt. My partner and I were in the middle of a conversation and two separate waiters came over and pointed on the line where I was to sign...as if I was an imbecile. They all stood watching to see what tip I would leave and when I would sign the receipt. I suppose if the tip wasn't to their satisfaction, they'd be close enough to say something. I noticed, as others were handed their bills, no one had a host of waiters over their shoulders. Could it be that I was the only of my kind in the entire place? Who knows...but I won't be back to find out.  Food is great, but I won't support a business who treats certain customers differently. Some will say I should just accept the cultural differences in Chinatown, but nah. They can move around with that. Customer service is customer service no matter where you go and discrimination is discrimination. I will take my coins elsewhere.
3 The food would have been really good if we got our noodles and lo mein when they were warm. However, we got our food cold after waiting for the restaurant for 15 minutes. The lo mein was cold. The beef brisket was cold. The noodle soup was only lukewarm. I was disappointed.
5 I loved it here. Have been a regular since two years ago when I was a intern in the city. Their congee and noddles reflect authentic style of Chinese food. Would also recommend their hot pot rice ... it is one of the best I've had in NYC
3 Came here for Christmas Eve dinner along with what felt like every other remotely Jewish household in NYC. The lines were nuts but they were able to move tables FAST. We were told it'd be a thirty minute wait (which was remarkable given the length of the line) but we actually got in in about fifteen.   Had the three types of wonton/dumplings in broth (shrimp, shrimp cilantro, thousand year egg) which is always very good. Would def recommend ordering this when you come! Also the XLB which has an excellent really clean tasting broth. My only complaint is that while the skin is very thin it gets thick at the top of the bun since they fold lots of skin into the top. Finally we also got some noodle dishes -- lo mein with spicy pork sauce, with tofu and shiitake, with chicken and ginger scallion, and chow main with beef.  My main complaint with the noodle dishes was that the ratio of noodle to sauce was off so you were left with lots of noodles. I'm never one to say no to noodz but clumped noodles without flavor? Not worth the calories! Finally, if you're getting lo mei know the default is the super thin HK style noodles. I like these better in soup so I ask for the thicker ones in sautéed noodle dishes
3 Excellent food, but crowded during lunch. If there is no room, they will try to squeeze you with other people. If you're Asian they will think you're used to being squeezed, so your chances of having your own personal table is less.
4 Food was great, homie feeling and very authentic location!  The best Chinese food I've had this week.  Keep in mind that I have been staying in Chinatown all week.  Staff is legit authentic so they may come off as rude because of the language barrier!  Everything was great with exception of the spare ribs over steam rice.  They were kind of slimy!
5 WOW! Hands down the best soup dumplings I have eaten in the NYC area. Also had the Steamed Pork Dumplings, Oxtail Curry Sauce Lo Mein, & Braised Beef Brisket Lo Mein - all awesome. I was less impressed with the Fried Vegetable Dumplings. The soup dumplings are .... just go and taste.
4 Very crowded place. Lucky we got the table for 5 a second we walked in. Wish I ordered more authentic food.
4 We just stopped here for a late lunch for my sister's birthday. The place is small and crowded, but in the heart of Chinatown. Even though the physical space is limited, the atmosphere is comfortable.  The food was good. I had the mixed seafood noodle soup (thin noodles) and it was perfect for a winter's day. My mom had the seafood lo mein (with wide rice noodles) and it was not too salty but did not skimp on flavor. My dad had the mixed seafood pan fried ramen (can you tell my family likes their seafood?), and even though it was delicious, it took a long time to arrive (his dish came last and we were all nearly done with eating). My sister had the seasonal vegetable noodle dish and she said it was well-balanced in flavors and very delicious. We also got a shrimp fried rice, which was very good, but a little dry (which is understandable since it is, in fact, fried rice).  The rice was not too salty and the shrimps were cleaned thoroughly (which not a lot of places do!!).  Lastly, we tried the steamed vegetable dumplings. We liked them, but we had our hearts set on shrimp dumplings, only for the idea to be squashed. Apparently, all dumplings, except the vegetable ones, are mixed with pork. My sister is more of a pescatarian, and does not eat beef/chicken/pork, and the rest of my family does not eat pork generally speaking. It was disappointing to hear that the meat dumplings all contain pork. Despite this, the vegetable dumplings were still good.    Overall, I would say to give this place a try, especially if you are looking for a delicious noodle dish!
1 This business is performing unfair and unethical business practices requiring that their customers tip the suggested amount. This is against New York City business practices and has been reported to officials.
5 The shrimp wonton and the xlb and super favorful. The Xlb skin is very thin and can pop but the soup tastes great. Get the shrimp wonton with the soup, the noodles are good but the soup is where all the flavor is.
5 I've come here at least once every one or two months for the past year and a half because this place is simply amazing! Everything here is so authentic and delicious. I've introduced it to all my friends and have brought my family here whenever they visit. The service is actually kind of friendly (which is a lot to say for a Chinese restaurant), and the food always comes out quite quickly. I'm usually in and out of here within an hour! On that note, I have never had to wait to be seated for that long, the longest maybe being around 20 minutes.. the turnover is pretty quick because they are so efficient.  My favorites are the shrimp wonton noodle soup, the beef brisket and tendon noodle soup, and the black egg and pork congee. They taste amazing by themselves and with Noodle Village's special chili oil, which also goes well with just about everything else.  I highly recommend this place to anyone looking for some authentic noodles and congee!
4 Basic Mood: Warm & Homely   Basics on the Crew: Staff here are considerate & mostly attentive!   Basically Saying: We'll be returning here the food was delicious & even when we'd physically reached our limit we continued eating... Shameful but the food was too delightful!   Basic Enough to go?: You should come with us the next time we go! Let us know so we can overindulge with you!  *The bathroom is clean which is a major plus for us!   Basic Options:  - Scallion Pancakes (Crispy & Light) - Vegetable Dumplings (Fresh & Well Presented) - Pan-Fried Pork Dumplings (Scrumptious) - Tofu Noodle Soup (Hot & Spicy) w/ Thin Noodles (Perfect for a Cold day) - Chicken Lo Mein (Enjoyable) - Chinese Broccoli (Highlight Especially the Sauce)
1 Came here because the reviews were great. Unfortunately, had an AWFUL experience. The place smells.  I ordered a beef brisket soup, took two spoons of it and did not like it. At first I asked for something else, the waitress told me that was what I ordered and I agreed I wanted it, correct, so then I told her it was what I ordered because I thought it would be good, and when I tasted it I did not like it.  She left the soup+ my moms (who also didn't eat hers because she didn't like it) at our table.  The smell was making me so sick.  The same waitress came back about 2 more times to ask if I wanted anything else and I repeated that I did not, again. I asked a waitress to take the bowls away and then asked for the check.  I was charged for both soups which we did NOT eat so I told her I wasn't paying for it.  She then began to fight me about me ordering it.  I again corrected her and said I was not going to pay for something that I did not eat ESPECIALLY if it was because it wasn't good! Do yourself a favor and don't order soup here! They will fight you to do everything in their power to make you pay.  I ended up not paying, however, she fought me about asking her manager even though we all know you just don't charge someone for food they didn't eat! Like, I get it if I would have eaten half of it, but two spoons? (Sipping broth and noodle tasting worthy) does not mean I ate even a percentage! Ughhhhh never again! Beware!
4 New favorite congee spot in Chinatown if only for the amazing appetizer plate of fried fish skin. Crumble a piece onto the congee, and experience a flavor and texture like no other. And then crumble another. And then another. My friend and I shared a bowl of congee, a plate of fish skin, and a large bowl of shrimp wonton and noodles. Though the wonton noodles were delicious, especially with the addictive chili oil, we honestly regretted not getting another bowl of congee - even as just a vessel to eat more fish skin. We have a date there on Monday for individual bowls of congee. No need to mess around. Fish skin for life!
1 nynoodlevillage.com/chec…  So I ordered on this website, which I believe it is their homepage. However, I waited more than 2 hours for the delivery. So I call the restaurant, the lady who picked up the phone and keep saying they don't have a homepage, and they don't response for any delivery.   I like this restaurant for years, their food is pretty decent. But, I really don't know provide this kind of service, how far their business can go.  And most important thing is, where is my food??  Gold bless your heart.
4 Great price, huge quantity and fast service!  Shanghai dumplings - great soup broth, meaty and delicious! Can't go wrong with any of the soup dumplings options for pork or the pork and crab combinations!  Fried Dumplings - very meaty! crust is perfectly crisp and yet not too greasy and with each bite it is perfect combination of crispy, juicy & meatiness!   Spicy ox-bone noodle soup - the ox-bone curry comes in a separate little bowl which is perfect to adjust to your specific tastes, whether you want to dip into the small bowl or the large bowl. Noodles are your classic egg noodles with simple chicken broth!  Fried Fish skins - gross. This might be a local dish that everyone likes to order but if you have never tried it...dont! It is not worth it. It is super greasy and just definitely not something that most people would enjoy.   Clay pot rice with salted fish and pork - amazing! Any of the clay pot rice dishes are quite delicious! Of course salted fish is definitely something of a local delicacy, which some may find too salty and not good but honestly its worth trying. I recommend not to add any soy sauce to the clay pot and add to taste afterwards.  Beef Brisket with rice noodle rolls - AMAZING! the rice rolls are crispy from the clay pot which add such a nice char to it and with the slight flavoring from the beef brisket was quite flavorful, tender and so good! I would highly recommend!!!  I come here frequently and would recommend it!
4 Honestly, lower Manhattan is my favorite part; the best food is there, and this includes Noodle Village. I didn't get noodles when I was there, I was more concerned about pork dumplings, so I got pork dumpling soup and fried pork dumplings.   They were really flavorful and they gave great portion sizes! I only paid $13 for six fried dumplings and six boiled pork dumplings in my soup. The broth was delicious and warm, perfect for a cold day.  The only thing they need to work on is customer service; they weren't friendly to my group and they unceremoniously threw our change on the table, and that was off putting.
2 So I saw a lot of good reviews on here which made me want to get food from here (plus the prices are reasonable) but the customer service over the phone sucks. I called to place an order close to closing time (yelp says it closes at 11 pm) and when the guy answered the phone he said they're closed and just hung up. I don't care how good the food is a value customer service more than anything.
4 Like many others this is my go to spot for fresh noodle soups and congee. Bad weather, cold sick days or just something simple Noodle Village has lot of great choices. I love their home made veggie dumpling, Heaven Ramen is really good too, they also have good Hk style milk tea.
5 My go-to spot for comfort congee and soup dumplings.  There can be a wait on the weekends, but it isn't too bad. A lot of their seating is in a long table, where you'll be sitting right next to another party.  I always get the Black Egg (preserved egg) w/ Pork Congee. It comes out warm and in a large bowl. It's food for the soul and always makes me so cozy inside. The meat is cut into strips, so you can actually chew it.  The soup dumplings are delicious and one of my top soup dumplings. I usually get the crab meat ones. The skin is thin and soft and the texture is smooth. It's not burning hot, and the broth inside is so rich.  I've gotten the dumplings, the scallion pancakes, the big rice dish. And everything has always been good. I have to give their noodle soups (their namesake) more of a try.   It's just always so satisfying. You won't be disappointed!
5 Went for lunch today since I was craving wonton noodle soup. The place is clean, the service good and I got a very satisfying bowl of wonton noodle soup. Flavorful broth. I think 5-6 thin skinned shrimp wontons. I definitely left satisfied and will go back for sure!
3 I really liked the scallion pancakes but the wontons were pretty average and I wasn't a big fan of the oxtail curry. The dish was mostly rice with four pieces of oxtail that had very little meat on it, but the curry sauce was pretty good. Everything was very affordable.
5 First of all, let me start by saying everything about this was a pleasant experience. Not loud & overcrowded or touristy very authentic. Noodles packed a wonderful punch with ginger scallion sauce and quality shredded chicken. Dumplings were divine we had two orders.
4 Got the wonton noodle soup in a small size. The wontons were absolutely delicious. There were huge chunks of shrimp inside and the wontons were a good size. Very flavorful, would've just gotten a huge bowl of the wontons if I knew. The noodles were okay, I've had better noodles before. The wontons made the meal. The broth of the soup was also very good and soothing.
5 I think this place is a hidden secret. Come here and order the Xiao Long Bao, it's better than Joe's (thinner and less oily) and there's usually no wait. From a HK person's perspective, the wonton mein is a pass (broth is meh) and the congee good (not the best ever but not bad at all). Just come here for the XLB you won't regret it
5 I swear they put crack in the food. It's so so so good and addicting lol. From the first time I went, I went back 3 more times in a span of 2 weeks. It's not your takeout Chinese food. It's authentic and delicious. The shrimp wonton soup is what I believe contains some serious crack. The scallion pancakes are chewy and flaky - amazing. The soup dumplings are also so good. 5++++ stars.
4 Came at around 6:30 PM on a weekday with my boyfriend and there was no wait. We shared the Chinese broccoli, scallion pancake and shrimp wonton soup. The soup was definitely the best, but the other dishes were very tasty, too. I'd return to try the soup dumplings next time. Service was fine though we did feel a bit rushed.   Note that if you use the yelp discount, they make you pay with cash.
4 solid establishment, $25 minimum which is kind of annoying but they let me get away with a $16 credit card charge.  everything here is fine. a dollar or two more expensive than some other places with similar food in Chinatown but it's still very affordable, and overall pretty clean and presentable compared to some of the other more mom and pop type of places.  saw some of the negative reviews here and they're mostly people who are kind of unfamiliar with the food here... I'd say stuff like this is the epitome of Cantonese comfort food and I can totally understand why the lo mein items here would be underwhelming. Just keep an open mind.
4 Soup dumplings were tasty but a little thin so thin they will break before you get them in your mouth.noodle soup and spring rolls worth a try also.
5 Soup Dumplings........expect a small wait due to the popularity but the food is anything but standard affair. Congee is delish but the star of the show show is the Shanghai Soup Dumplings. Service is quick and attentitive. I'm not Asian and being a tourist they made us feel part of the family. The atmosphere was warm and friendly and for being a New York restaurant it's a lot more than I can say for a few other restaurants in Manhattan. Can't wait for my next trip to Chinatown.....see you soon Noodle village.
5 Received Noodle Village as a recommendation from my hair stylist who works at 18 Pell who said it was his favorite place and he was definitely accurate about how good this place is! I came here for dinner by myself (was starving) and got the beef chow fun for only $11 total (incl. tax) (not incl. tip). It's cash only so be aware of that - I had only brought my credit card and they swiped it but told me to bring cash next time. One of the best beef chow funs I've had in a long time and I actually ate the entire thing.
5 This place is really good. Simple. The Bao Zhai Fan was really great. The sauce was flavorful and good ratio. The wonton soup was simple but good. The service was fast and fun.
3 Pass by this place all the time, thought I'd check it out. The decor was nice, a bit toasty inside though. Wait staff was attentive and quick to seat us and serve us food.   The food was pretty standard. We ordered the Shanghai soup dumplings which were pretty good, though one was broken already when they served it. The beef brisket and tendons were alright, small portion and not much brisket. The rice cake with peanut sauce was pretty good. Lastly, the beef ball noodle soup was very underwhelming, just a small bowl with 4 small beef balls.   Checked in on yelp for 5% off, only to discover they don't take credit card if you use the 5% off. All for just $1.37 off. Overall, not a bad place, but there are definitely better places in Chinatown. Don't think I will be returning here.
3 Came here because it was one of the spots in Chinatown I never tried and was in the mood for noodles. There was no wait and we got seated quickly. The ambience was nice and casual, the lunch rush was just starting. We ordered the beef tripe and tendon, beef ball noodle Soup, and rice rolls with peanut butter and hoisin sauce.  Pros  -the waitress was extremely friendly and attentive. Sat us down and came back in a minute to take our order.   -the rice rolls was pretty good, and the beef tendon and tripe was good as well although albeit pricey.  -food came in a quick timeframe except for my soup noodles, which somehow came last  Cons  -the beef ball noodle soup wasn't special. Pretty ordinary. I got 4 beef balls. The noodles somewhat redeemed it but the taste of the balls were lackluster  -so when we checked in and got the offer, we were paying by card when they told us if we get the 5% off, we can't use our card. Should've said it beforehand   Overall, most of the things are decently priced, but there are places like big Wong and wonton garden that has better tasting noodles.
5 GREAT crab xiao long bao aka xlb aka soup dumplings aka divine droplets. The skin is nice and thin and stretchy and the filling is on point.   Their wontons and pan fried dumplings are also super good. They certainly know their way around meaty, juicy packages....and with that I bid you to go check it out!
2 The shrimps in the wontons are tasteless. They used baking soda to make the shrimp texture bouncer but the natural flavor of the shrimps no longer exist. The black egg dumplings are made of Black Wood Ear, not Black Egg, please change the wording on the menu and stop confusing ppl..Their foods are definitely overrated and not worth the price..
4 3 1/2 stars. Noodle Village is a small restaurant on Mott Street that specializes in Dim Sum, Soup and Noodles. At lunch time on a Saturday it was full but there was not a huge line like some of the other restaurants that specialize in Soup Dumplings.   We ordered Soup Dumplings and they were excellent.  The broth inside the dumplings actually had tons of flavor!  My son ordered Udon  Noodles with Brisket.  I loved the noodles. They were so nice and chewy!  My son said the brisket was very tender and sweet. I ordered #78 on the Soup Moodle side. My soup had Shrimp Wonton, Shrimp Dumplings, Cilantro with Black  Egg Dumpling, and Noodles. All of the Dumplings were excellent.  The Soup itself was bland and could have used more flavor.  My sister ordered a Soup with fish cake that she enjoyed. We shared an order of Vegetable Dumplings which was not our favorite.   Service was very fast. Great place for a quick meal in Chinatown if you want dim sum, noodles, or soup. Go elsewhere if you are interest in dishes that concentrate on protein.
4 This place is so good! I've been here quite a few times when I visit NY. The service is good (not super friendly but that's ok because they're quick) and the food is DELICIOUS! They give tea with their orders as well. The veggie noodle soup, dumplings, and their noodle dishes are delicious! I recommend a visit.
4 Bit pricier than others of this genre, but also a bit cleaner/sanitized/generic.... I suppose what I'm saying is you wouldn't be embarassed bringing your unadventurous friend's mum here. Also, no MSG. Alas.   I had their wonton noodles. It was good. It would have been better with MSG, but it still wouldn't have been as good as that other place a couple blocks away, which doesn't need ambiance as a selling point.
4 Got the 3 types of dumplings with noodles. It's interesting that they have two different sizes and I'd definitely go for the large to get enough. The three dumplings were all very good but I've had better noodles.  It didn't have as much elasticness to it (it's called Q in Cantonese).
1 I can't really say this was a satisfying meal. I can't really say I could even eat it. I ordered the beef noodle soup with ginger and scallion and i honestly hated it. I wouldn't exactly say egg noodle and ginger are definitely not a good mix. I couldn't eat it. It smelled and tasted like seafood mixed with dirty water. To say the least, it was not tasty.  We also ordered fried vegetables dumplings, decent but half tasteless and Pau Choy.  Which was also unseasoned without the oyster sauce.   Overall, no. Don't even waste your time. Oh but the service was friendly and they paid attention.
3 I came to Noodle Village with my sister. I guess I had higher expectations given the high Yelp reviews.   First, it's cheap but not cheap like you would think. For two people, we still came out to be around 30$, which I would pay less for food for two for lunch on the UES. I feel like other Chinatown establishments are cheaper.   The wait wasn't long for two for lunch on Saturday. I feel like we got seated immediately.   We got duck wonton noodle soup, pork xiao long bao, and crab xiao long bao. My sister loved the duck wonton noodle soup. It was good, but nothing amazing. The xiao long bao were very nicely done - wrappers thin, and had soup inside. I think they were 6$? for 6, which to me is pretty pricey.   Would rate them higher if it was maybe a little cheaper.
5 Woo as a Chinese, I have to say this's an authentic Chinese restaurant! After all other non authentic Chinese restaurants I've tried here....... recommend!
4 This is slowly becoming my go-to soup dumpling place. It's a small place and seems like not many of the hip, young kids have found out about it yet. But it's cleaner, nicer (better service), and better than your typical hole-in-the-wall Chinatown spot. Curry, spicy wontons, and panfried noodles are also good; skip the steamed rice roll and fried rice.
5 Been here twice, satisfied both times. Love the cilantro, preserved duck egg, and fish congee. It's nice and light. The beef chow fun was also good. Not too oily or salty, decent portion size. My friend and I just shared those two dishes and it was pretty filling. Good food, great prices, fast service--would definitely recommend.
4 I've been on the search for a really authentic delicious bowl of wonton noodles - and sadly, I have yet to find it!   From what I've had in New York, Noodle Village definitely hits the spot if you have serious cravings. The wontons were delicious, the noodles were cooked well, and they traditionally added in the yellow chives. But the soup base was lacking. I'm not sure if it was cause it was in the evening and they just added water to their broth, but it wasn't up to par with other places I've been to. Really disappointing, but I would go again in the morning and see if the broth is still the same. Do yourself a favor, even if you are a little asian girl, and get the large as opposed to the regular. It really is bang for your buck, the regular pales in compare to how much food you get for the regular. Overall, the best bowl of wonton noodles I've had thus far in the city!  Service: Pretty good for a Chinese joint in Chinatown! The waiters were helpful, kind and friendly (surprised me for sure).   PSA: They only take card for bills higher than $25 dollars (even tho their sign says $15 outside)
5 The food over here can never ever Disappoint ! Always always love everything here, the flavours the freshness everything always lives upto the expectations!
5 I got their sesame noodles, wonton soup, and scallion pancake. It was delicious! Highly recommend for the price. The setting was also very nice with a bar as well perfect for a date night or a night out with some friends!
4 I was waiting to try this place for a while. Due to covid and reservations, we ended up ordered delivery. We placed an order via doordash and also called the restaurant to let them know of some modifications. They were nice enough to accommodate our requests.  I love dan dan noodles and I was very excited to try it here. I was quite bummed with the way it tasted. Maybe because we ordered delivery. Hopefully it tastes good when I go dine in!  The tofu in chili oil was great  which went perfectly with the vegetable fried rice. Scallion pancakes was simple and tasty. Could have been a bit more flavorful.  Cant wait to go dine in and try some of the popular items in their menu.
5 Updated review - but really only for the chicken wings. The chicken wings are hands down in my top two in the city. I've sent a few people here for them and they agree. They are spicy, perfectly crispy and have that mouth numbing sensation.   I keep getting the Dan Dan noodles, but they are only alright. I always add some of the flavor from the chicken wings to make them better.   The sesame noodles are alright too.  I'll keep coming for the wings because they make me happy and getting noodles for convenience.  For the record, the service since I've been back from the first trip had been much improved.  They have 4th wall fully open, with heaters outdoor dining. Make sure you bring a coat.
5 Our go to Chinese food place. A little out of the way but don't mind because it is always on point. Love the lychee martini.
4 The food is pretty good, not authentic but they are doing a very good job keeping some authentic flavors while catering the taste of Americans.
2 Ordered based on their many good reviews.  Unfortunately, it wasn't a good day.  The Dan dan noodles were awful.  Basically spaghetti with hot oil and a few tablespoons of Szechuan peppercorn reduction that had an off flavor and odor.  No meat at all.  The Dry pepper chicken was just fried chicken pieces, half of which were overcooked inedible tiny bits of batter.   Lastly, the best dish was a mediocre house fried rice.  Definitely not worth the price or a return visit.
5 Spicy and tasty deliciousness! I am so glad I live near here. The offerings range from very traditional American-style Chinese to some really interesting and innovative stuff. It's hard to choose. If you don't like spicy food, you'll find things, but if you love it like I do you'll be so excited. Don't miss the Dry Pepper Style and Dry Fry style items (your choice of protein). Scallion Pancake is also a favorite.   They get very busy. Pre-Covid it was really hard to get a table, and they don't take reservations (so half star deduction). Currently I have been ordering takeout. Try to use their own system and not a third party if ordering takeout. Plus  you get discounts by e-mail after ordering.   Han Dynasty will warm you up on one of these cold winter nights!
5 A+ food. Their lamb dry pot is perfect. Their beef rice noodle is elegant, simple, and tasty. Hot tea comes with the meal, too. Important in these chilly times.  Han Dynasty also upgraded their outdoor seating. They have three ceiling heaters, and a hard roof with a tent wrapping. The support is made of wood, and the tables have plastic dividers. Great job.
5 Hands down the best chicken wings in NYC!!! Grab them in dozens if you can - seriously!  (You are welcome:-)) So glad they expanded their delivery map during the pandemic.
4 Great food. My go to for Szechuan Chinese any day of the week. BUT my delivery took about 2 hours...not sure who to blame on this one. The delivery service app or the restaurant...
1 Covid is not an excuse for this restaurant. This is the second time we've placed an order and they "lost" the ticket. Do t ever order online from them.
5 Ordered a total vegetarian meal here while visiting family in East Village.  Vegetable spring rolls Vegetable fried dumplings Vegetable lo mein  Tofu Kung Pao  Price was a little pricey versus Naptown but it is 1000% better than any Chinese in Indy.  Service was excellent  Order was super hot and still hot when we got it home.  Flavors were superb. Crunchy spring rolls. Seasoned veggies in the dumplings. Lots o lo mein and the tofu was not too spicy and the protein was crisped on the outside and soft on the inside.  We collectively give Han Dynasty
4 I'm happy I stumbled upon this restaurant! The to go to is the Spicy Cumin Lamb / Tofu paired with the spicy cucumber which has a sweet hint to it. Been here 5x
5 I LOVE this place! My husband and I had to come into the city for an appointment, and even though it was 37 degrees outside (and we had to sit outside due to the COVID-19 indoor dining ban), we had an incredible experience. They have heat lamps set up - we kept our jackets on and it was fine. The food came out super hot, and was hot throughout the time we were eating.  We enjoy most of their menu items, but our favorite is the Dry Pepper Chicken dipped in Wonton Soup broth with some white rice on the side. Also, the Dan Dan noodles are delicious.
5 Quaint and nice.  Closest thing to an afterwork event in the pandemic! Will Come back for sure. Staff is so accommodating! Maybe it's me wanting to hang in the city and I haven't in a long time.
5 Delicious food and welcoming vibe. We sat inside and were able to choose any seat we wanted. It was warm and the server was kind, giving us tea right off the bat.   We hadn't been there in a while so we were unsure if it was still as delicious as it had been in the past but it did not disappoint. They went above and beyond for the flavors of the food. The server was able to answer all of the questions we had about entrees and spice levels.  After we ordered, our meals came out right away (almost scary fast) and everything was great + flavorful.   We got the Dan Dan Noodles and the Garlic Sauce Style. The dan dan noodles were a bit oily but that didn't impact the dish too greatly. All around a good meal
4 The food is tasty and consistently fresh. Highly recommend.
5 Han Dynasty, may you continue serving up your delightful treasures forever. Aside from the classic  dumplings in chili oil, the cumin style and dry pepper style are to die for (shrimp personal favorite). Mwah!
4 I ordered the dan dan noodles and veggie dumplings. Dumplings were good, perfectly fried and flavorful. The noodles, on the other hand, were lacking. Kind of spicy but the pork lacked flavor and the noddles were kind of dense. Decent portions overall!
5 Beat Szechuan food I've had so far. Much better than Cafe China and others I've tried so far in NYC. Try the Dan Dan noodles, wontons or dumplings, dry fried chicken, pea leaves, cucumbers, etc. Keep in mind many of the dishes can be oily when composing your order.
2 I don't often leave reviews, especially not so good ones, but this food was really not so good. Chicken was tough and grimy, the rice was dry and the pork belly buns were fatty, gummy and all around no bueno.  Look elsewhere for delivery.
5 I'm so glad this restaurant is open during COVID-19. This is one of my favorite spots for a casual dinner and I'm happy to be able to order takeout during this time.   The dumplings in chili oil are a great starter.
3 Decent szechuan food. Was only able to sample the Dan Dan noodles, which were good. The highlight of the disk was the minced pork, but I felt there was not nearly enough. My order was 'Extra Spicy' but I didn't find it to be that spicy at all (for szechuan food). Would like to come here again and try another dish 'Super Spicy' to see how it comes out.
5 I am updating to 5 stars due solely to two people: GINA AND WILSON.   Very rarely do two people make me want to come back forever, but someone, Gina and Wilson did that. Obviously everyone here knows about the food, but Gina and Wilson treated us so well. Like from all the restaurants during COVID, I haven't felt so taken care of and safe than from these two. Those are huge factors during this crisis, and knowing that someone is actually looking out for you, answering your questions, and listening to what you want to say is literally earth changing. Out of all the places I've gone since the pandemic started, never have I felt so obligated to leave a review for the staff that helped us. Absolutely amazing and I hope they are recognized for it
1 Had a very disappointing experience with the take out - rice was half cooked and cumin style tofu was dry and chewy. The flavors were good but could not enjoy the meal at all.  There has been a drop in quality of their food and service lately.
1 So here we are, super excited to finally eat at Han after the longest break, came in about 1:05pm on a Sunday. Saw that the outdoor is not set up and asked if they are open. A woman in a very rude way said that they are not open yet and they need 5 minutes to set up... ok, we can wait... 10 minutes later, we decided to get a drink while we wait... stood by the counter unnoticed, while the same woman, who looked so angry and not friendly at all was setting up the outdoor space, for another 10 minutes. By 1:30 we lost patience and left... you have customers standing right in front waiting for almost half an hour after your opening time and no one seemend to be bothered!! I love this Han location so much, but I don't like to be disrespected like this as a customer. Wish them the very best luck, but unfortunately will not come back.
5 Everything was delish! Cutest stret set up for outdoor dining.  $6 Margaritas.  I got the dumplings. There was a number next to the item, I thought it meant 6 dumplings. Turns out it was the level of spice! I asked for an 8. Loved it
3 Dan Dan noodles were hella dry but tasty. Still think they needed a sauce element. Asked for the extra spicy too and got Karen level do medium.
3 Made it back tonight.  Food wise, it was a 3, so the avg between the two visits is a 4. We were disappointed compared to the last time the day before they closed for COVID.  The spicy crispy cucumbers saved the meal. It was way spicier than the level 10 dry pot style with pork. I probably made a mistake getting Szechuan peppercorn oil instead of the peppercorns themselves. No mala flavor. Wasn't that spicy either despite asking for it.    The kung pao level 5 tofu was packed with tofu. The sauce was very reminiscent of General tso sauce. Ok spicy.  Other than the food, I had ordered direct and about 30 minutes later I went to check my order status and it showed deleted. Somehow they confused my order with another and cancelled it. I never got an email telling me they cancelled it. I was forced to reorder online, but I'm glad I called to check. The lady was really nice in figuring it all out. Guess I will use a delivery service next time.
3 Delivered food was delicious except that we found a big piece of plastic in our food which means that the ingredients weren't washed properly  I wish we didn't have to see that
4 Oh Han Dynasty. Or Handy Nasty, if you will. A favorite of mine when I lived in Philly, it didn't take long for me to sample this spot after moving to NYC. Han Dynasty takes szechuan to another level. I only ordered take-out, so I can't speak to the decor or vibe of the restaurant itself. I got the dan dan noodles and split a chicken dry pot style. The dan dan noodles were nice and savory with the peanut (?) based sauce drenching the noodles. Just like I remembered them -- although I did think it would be nice to have just a touch more toppings like minced pork and scallions.   The chicken was nice and juicy with a great coating of mala spice from the peppers in the dish. You can customize the spice level which may be wise because their food errs towards the spicy side. I felt like the dan dan noodles were priced decently but think that some of their main protein dishes are a touch on the expensive side for what you get.   Overall, a nice stable and a great szechuan restaurant!
3 Very excited to try this spot in person, but I ordered for the first time and was very happy. Sometimes you get Chinese food and it's greasy, but this spot is much more quality. Keep in mind the entrees aren't huge, but again quality over quantity.   Kept it simple for this order and got the vegetable spring rolls. Very yummy except it doesn't come with sauce. Just duck sauce packets. I would recommend asking for extra packets. I got the veggie lo mein which was also good. Not heavily oily, but they could add a bit more fresh vegtables in. The entree we got was the Kung Pao shrimp. It comes with huge jumbo shrimp. The sauce is super yummy, the shrimps are a bit too big for one bite but other than that a pretty good dish.   I'd like to try more before I name it my go to Chinese spot in the neighborhood, but I definitely recommend to give it a try.
5 I ordered delivery from Han Dynasty for the first time two weekends ago and it was so good that I ordered from them again this weekend.  No regrets!  It's incredible!  I've now tried 4 different entrees and honestly, they're all equally incredible.  It gives me total confidence that I could pick anything off the menu and be satisfied.  The #1 thing I can recommend is the Dry Pot.  I got it with pork, but you can choose your protein.  It's spicy, has a great mix of veggies, and has a really well developed flavor profile.  So good.  I also tried and loved the Kung Pao with shrimp, Cumin Style with chicken, and Pickled Chili Style with shrimp.  I would recommend the wontons in chili oil as an add on.  Can't wait to order from them again!
3 There wasn't much of a wait when we went here. They serve a variety of Szechuan food, and the food quality overall was just mediocre.  We had the dan dan noodles, fried dry pepper chicken and mapo tofu with minced pork. I would definitely pass on the mapo tofu as it's not nearly as good as it looks. There wasn't much flavor to it outside of the numbing chili taste.  The dan dan noodles were okay, they hit the spot for dan dan noodles but aren't really all that special. The Fried Dry Pepper Chicken was also pretty average, kind of hitting the spot in some areas, such as having decent seasoning, but sorely lacking in others, having being less crunchy than ideal.
2 I went to Han Dynasty once in person a few months ago and it was so-so. We did the tasting menu with a bunch of friends and I found it to be mostly unauthentic, very Americanized food, with the exception of a couple dishes.  This review is about today though, when we tried them for takeout hoping a la carte would be better, and were extremely disappointed and appalled by their service. We ordered online and the food arrived quickly, which was good. After we opened it up, we realized they had forgotten to give us any rice. We had been considering making our own rice before ordering but decided against it because the food we ordered was supposed to come with rice. We didn't want to wait 40min for the rice to cook, so we called and informed them of the mistake. The guy on the phone said it would be "impossible" to deliver the rice to us (idk how it could be impossible if the first delivery was super fast and only took like 15-20min from order time to delivery time) but that we could come pick it up. He also promised he'd throw in an extra order of food to compensate for the mistake. Ok, we were pretty hungry, and it's not tooo far by bike, and we needed rice to eat with the salty Chinese food, so one of us went there to pick up the rice and "extra food". However, on arrival, no sign of anything extra, and barely even a "sorry". Waste of time. Even mentioned to them that we'd been told we'd get something extra for having to make the trip to correct the mistake, but they refused and seemed to know nothing about it. I understand in difficult times mistakes are sometimes expected and in the grand scheme of things forgetting rice is not terrible, but Han Dynasty was unapologetic and indifferent to their mistake. It's one thing to not apologize or offer a partial refund, but to lie about compensation, and then pretend to not know what we're talking about is unexpected and unprofessional.   Food was ok. Overpriced for the amount we got, and the quality was average.  In conclusion, with all the options there are for takeout in the city, you can do much better than Han Dynasty for less hassle, less lying, and less money.
1 These guys acted so bad during coronavirus social distancing. People rely on take outs and deliveries during this difficult time. They would make people wait for an hour past the promised ready time (people have to wait in the rain) and lie about their opening hours. In my experience, two people just sitting inside chatting, one person casually said they open at noon, though the ordering system and on their door said they are open at 11:30. Another person said the chef is late and hasn't arrived (which is probably the case but no one else would admit it and be honest about it). Neither apologetic about it, they were just sitting there chatting while people waited outside in the cold rain. I circled back in half an hour, first in line. A different staff showed up and when I asked about my order she said I don't know I just packed the order. Then shut the door again in my face. 10 more minutes passed. More delivery guys start to gather around and another staff member showed up only yelled, nothing is ready! Some left and some stayed. I already paid for my order and now it's over an hour standing in the rain. I, along with a few others were told 10 minutes 20 minutes ago and I still don't have my order.
5 I ate here while traveling to NYC and it was so good I ate there twice in a row!  I had the garlic chicken, the kung pao chicken and the Cajun fries. Literally everything is delicious!
4 it's pretty worth it coming here, foods quite good and the staff I met she's quite nice , I probably don't wanna go to any other Chinese restaurant,
2 I'd like to say this place is gentrified sichuan food, which would mean its been through the whitewasher. But that does not explain the inspiration for the extreme saltiness- that might just be plain badness!
5 So happy my friend organized a dinner here for the holidays! I've always wanted to try Han Dynasty. He reserved a lazy susan table in the back of the restaurant for the 9 of us to try the family style tasting, which came with 12+ courses ($40+ per person excluding drinks, but the tasting came with a bottle of champagne).   Every dish that came out was flavorful, spicy, and perfectly cooked. Some dishes that we had were dan dan noodles, cumin style lamb, spicy chicken wings, fried shrimp, an octopus dish, fried green beans, chicken in black bean sauce, and a spicy fish fillet dish. There's more, but I lost track in between wiping my tears/sweat and devouring everything.   The table was never empty and our server was friendly and attentive. Our group had dietary restrictions and staff had no problem adjusting dishes to accommodate us. I would definitely go back again with a big group of friends again. Check this spot out if you love good food and amazing service!
1 Good food but DO NOT order from this place. Took them 1.5 hrs to deliver and it was cancelled even though I live 1 mile away and it wasn't even rush hour. Just don't order from this place as you will be left hanging starving and getting your order delayed 3 times.  Will not visit this place as well  Edit - i totally understand the rush hour delivery at NYC. Ive been here for 4 years. But the food was cancelled at the end of three delays. I got a $5 coupon from Grubhub but never an explanation from the restaurant.
5 We only moved here a month ago and we have come here 4 times. The food is spicy and delicious, the servers are friendly, and there is a small bar. Also great for takeout.
2 I'm disappointed. All in, I spent almost $30 on a Kung Pao Chicken delivery as a treat the day before my birthday. What arrived is closer to the seasame chicken of my N.J. youth....nostalgic, but not in a good way...
2 Not what it's all hyped out to be. Went with our friends (5 total), only dish that was good was the cumin lamb, salt & pepper shrimp and salt & pepper calamari were both greasy deep fried with no flavor. Our waiter suggested dipping them into the chile oil/sauce of the appetizer dumplings we got. Thats pretty sad! My vegetarian friends got two veggie dishes and they both tasted the same and overly sweet. The worst was their Chinese New Year's lobster special - it was overpriced and hardly any lobster! It was disappointing because menu looked great and we thought prices were reasonable until we got our bill - over $200 and they included a 15% tip and we were only 5 people!
5 Forget every other option you had today and go to this place for Chinese food. This is Sichuan style. Crazy peanut, spicy wontons and Dan Dan noodles are a must try. They made some really awesome Dan Dan noodles that were one of the best that we've had in a while. The tofu entrees were ok, cumin style is good for the indian palette but I would think before ordering the spicy dry twice pepper style and spicy style.
4 This review is for delivery: We ordered Dan Dan noodles, chili oil dumplings, and dry pepper crispy chicken. Everything was good and had great flavor, but I think we ordered everything too spicy. It was hard to get through the meal, the spice was so hot. Would definitely try again, and ask for more mild dishes. The flavor that we could manage and the quality of food was otherwise great!!
1 Wtf is this???? Ordered chicken in chili oil and got some sad excuse for edible food. After being delivered cold, I took one bite and felt sick. I'm so baffled by what was actually delivered, because all of the other pictures look decent and normal. This was truly nauseating. Please fix this!!
5 Han Dynasty has always been a favorite spot for some Szechuan food.  The space is not large but it's rather cozy. The food more than makes up for it.  We got the pepper chicken wings, cumin style beef and the dry pot style chicken. Everything was to our liking and well spiced though it might have been better to avoid having all spicy dishes.  Avoid the touristy lo mein and try something new; the menu does not disappoint!
5 I've been eating at Han Dynasty for years - since moving to New York in 2015. I love the food (though it's definitely gotten a little more expensive over the last 2 years or so). Make sure to make a reservation at this location. The one on the UWS is really spacious and the one in BK varies with availability but this one is tight. We were seated right away, had the veggie fried rice and the Kung Pao chicken, and the scallion pancakes to start, and everything was hot, delicious, and the right amount of spicy. This is my go-to spot for Chinese food. The manager came over last time to chat with my friend and I when we were paying and mentioned that the head chef for all locations was at this one (so highest quality food) and that they filter their cooking oil, which is why the food doesn't feel so heavy and greasy.
5 Delicious. We had the dumplings w chili oil and has the best kind of good spice but not too hot. I will be craving those again! The crispy rice dish was sweeter than I expected. The green beans to die for.
4 I've been going here for years and it's sooo yummy! It used to be way cheaper and even more delicious. The Dan Dan noodles are my favorite! Definitely recommend atleast once , service is Also good and fast!
3 Food is not bad. The kitchen chefs are unbending.  Just wanted Kung Pao with White Meat. Hard no. Sesame noodles are not that great. Lo Mein was good. Service just the reg.
5 Best Chinese food we have ever had (party of 7). Make a reservation because the place is usually slammed. We scored the lazy Susan table at the back which was great. Fast and friendly service, no pretension, casual restaurant with outstanding food. Dan Dan noodles just right spiced perfectly with heat but real flavor as well. Pork w long pepper was best dish. Chicken wings, scallion pancakes and pork buns all excellent. Highly recommended
2 The only tasty dish I had was the dan dan noodles (which can be made vegetarian, btw). Everything else was meh ‍.
4 It was my last night in New York City for work, but haven't a clue of where else to go at the last minute. It was raining so we didn't want to venture too far from the hotel. We found this place about a block away from our hotel and decided the 15 minute wait for a seat was worth it (put our names in online).   When we arrived, the place was completely packed! I was concerned about the spacing because it looked pretty cramped, but with so many people inside, this was raising my expectations that the food would be good.   Service was a bit slow in the beginning as it took awhile for the server to realize we were there and to get us tea, etc -- but with such a crowded restaurant, this was a forgivable oversight.   The menu was a bit overwhelming, much like authentic Chinese restaurants, actually - lol. We took awhile to know what we wanted to order. It was just me and work colleague there, and we both have a full  $75 per diem to spend on dinner. The waiter warned us we actually ordered too much food, but whatever!   We ordered dan dan noodles, spicy beef noodle soup, chicken wings, garlic sauce lamb dish, wontons, and another dish of dry cooked beef I think? Don't remember exactly, but we had a lot of food.  Holy crap, it lived up to our expectations and then some. The spicy beef noodle soup really should be the talk of the restaurant. It tasted perfectly spicy with Szechuan peppers and the whole bowl tasted very authentic. I would even say that it was better than the beef noodle soups I had in Taiwan! It was absolutely amazing.   The biggest struggle we had was fitting all the food on the table, which made the experience a bit difficult. But, we ended up with a bunch of to-go boxes because there is no way for us to finish this much food.  It was our intention to make a random homeless man very happy that evening... as we do not have a refrigerator in our hotel rooms.   Loved the tea at the restaurant as well.
5 I went to this place one time before and LOVED it so I went again. I ordered the crispy rice tofu and 2 other dishes. Because the portions are huge I had left overs of the crispy rice and took it home. I went to eat the leftovers today and there was an actual piece of chicken that I ate and had to spit out!! I'm not sure if something happened in the back when packing up the dishes but there was a 0% chance it was a piece of tofu. Just gross.  Update: Thanks for getting back to be jasmine. This place is honestly really good, can't wait to come back.
5 Had a 9 person dinner party which we reserved weeks in advance. Jasmine was super helpful!  We did the family style menu tasting  ($40 per person / without drinks) and it exceeded expectations with about 12 courses. We were stuffed by the last two dishes. The cocktails were great too!  The restaurant was attentive to one of us with a dietary restrictions and made a second serving of the Dan Dan Noodles without pork and giving us a heads up as well.  This place is a must for large gathering that wants to do family style Chinese.  I'm still amazed with how much we got for the price.  Definitely make a reservation ahead of time for large parties so you get the back table with the  spinning wheel in the middle of the table.
4 Food is spectacular especially the Dan Dan noodles and the dumplings. However, do not come close to closing as we arrived 15 minutes prior to the specified kitchen hours and they would not serve us. Disappointing.
4 Really enjoyed vegetarian Dan Dan noodles, scallion pancakes (flakey perfection) and the vegetarian dumplings! Was so stuffed I skipped out on the entrees but will have to be back.
4 Gave this place a shot for a large group dinner.  The tasting menu was very good and the cost was reasonable.  A large variety of their popular dishes were served and the portions were more than enough to accommodate 20+ people.    A few outstanding mentions were the crispy chicken, dan dan noodles and even the scallion pancakes were pretty solid.  The one thing to be aware of is the spice factor is definitely something to take note of.  I'm okay with volcanic level dishes but this is definitely not the kind of food that goes down easily for people who might be somewhat averse to intense flavors.    The digs are tight here and much of that is due to the fact it was packed solid here on a Thursday night.  Not to mention there were plenty of people waiting to be seated both in and out of the restaurant.    The folks here were friendly and did a great job of keeping the food coming even for a huge party.
5 This place was the bomb!  Both the food & service was phenomenal!  We had garlic chicken, wonton soup, shrimp fried rice, and the peanut chicken dish along with a nice big pot of Jasmine tea.  They even play great music too......lotsa R&B, little light hip hop........Was a perfect dinner for a really cold night!
5 We love Han Dynasty, but the waits are usually long (1+ hr) every time we try to go. We like how they structure the menu by style of preparation, and you can pick the meat or vegetable you'd like.   I find that, compared to dry pot options, Han Dynasty isn't that spicy, so ordering dishes that are 8/9/10 isn't unmanageable.   We like to order the Chicken in Chili Oil to start and the Dry Pot Style or Hot Sauce Style, either fish or chicken. Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork is good for when you're in the mood for tofu. It's the kind of menu where I want to try all the styles, but always seem to order my favorite. In the future I hope to order the soups and the Pickled Chili Style.   They give rice in a large bowl for the table, which is different than other chinese restaurants in the area.   The service is friendly.
4 food still great, but had bad service. sat at the bar to eat in a busy night and almost hit the ten minute mark before anyone came over. At least make eye contact and say give me a minute we are busy. one more minute and I would have walked out .
4 The Dan Dan noodles are a must. I got it mild spicy and it was perfect. The portion size is pretty big, idk if I was too hungry or the noodles were that good but I finished the whole thing by myself. We also ordered the chicken in black bean sauce. We expected more curry but it was kinda dry. However, the server gave us more sauce on the side which worked out perfectly. Overall good place. It's not bougie at all. Kinda hole in the wall feeling.
4 Solid spot for for Szechuan food in the East Village area. Big menu with dishes ranging from all over the heat spectrum so everyone will be pleased. Food was all delicious albeit a bit heavy, definitely needed a nap after! Only real downside was that the service left a little to be desired. Though friendly, it was a bit scattered and on the slow side which was surprising considering the restaurant was three-quarters empty (Sunday, brunch time). All that said, definitely would eat here again and recommend it to others!
3 Dined there on a Friday night. Got on the waitlist so was seated on time and smooth. However, it was waaaay too noisy! It was so loud that we couldn't really hear each other...  The food was ok, the location near Central Park is much better.
3 Late lunch at Han Dynasty.  Food was good.  I had the king pao chicken and it was very good.  Service was fast but the place only had about 5 people there at the time.  Atmosphere is nice.  I would eat there again.
5 Ordered takeout from here for a Friday night meal and am very impressed. Food was very fresh and very good! Highly recommended the lo mein chicken noodles and the fried dumplings. Will be ordering from here again!!
4 huh.. i'm surprised i haven't written a review for here yet.   if you want some dank szechuan food (did i spell that right?).. COME HERE!  esp for the dan dan noods! so good.  if you have a big group, i recommend calling to make a reservation beforehand. I think you need at least 8 people to reserve and then you can use the big table in the back with the spinny table top   Food: DANDAN NOODS ALL DAY. so good. one order is good to share with 3 or 4 peeps for an appetizer.  Also good: 3 cup chicken, kung pao chicken, garlic pork, scallion beef, hotsauce style fish, ..... hmmm it's honestly hard to go wrong.   Def recommend family style.
4 One of my go-to spots for good, comforting Chinese / Sichuan food. They have a few locations as a small chain, but it is really good. Also, if you come here, be prepared to eat some spicy food! Not everything is spicy, but imo the best items on their menu have a kick so hopefully you like that! I always always get the wontons in chili oil which is one of my absolute faves! I find I'm often disappointed if I order these anywhere else because they are that good here. Perfect balance of spicy, salty and a touch sweet. Other goodies on the menu are of course the Dan Dan noodles (almost always order this too), scallion pancake here is pretty good (thinner, crispier and noticeable flaky style) and is also served with a great sweet soy sauce, pork buns are decent, and for the main entree dishes I like a number of them and they're all good, although unless you really love spicy food I'd suggest you throw in one of the non-spicy dishes like garlic style or scallion style to balance it out. I like spice but this place has the kind that builds! Also for a veg dish, I'm a big fan of the string beans with minced pork... yummm.
4 Han Dynasty kept popping up on my Yelp so my fiancé and I decided to give it a shot! We came in on a weekday afternoon for an early lunch but even then it was pretty packed! Han Dynasty is a large sit down restaurant, but we were barely able to get a seat! We figured it's a popular restaurant and people like to take their time here. After some 10 minutes of looking at the menu, my fiancé and I decided to order the double-cooked pork belly and the dan dan noodles.   The double-cooked pork belly is rated a 4/10 on spiciness, so luckily I was able to handle the spiciness pretty well. The pork pieces are quite large and plentiful. There weren't as many vegetables as expected, but a lot of the spiciness ended up being in the vegetables/deep into the dish. There was a lot of savory oil soaking the pork as well, making it even more delicious.   The dan dan noodles were rated a 6/10 on spiciness, but they tasted more like a 7 or an 8! There wasn't a lot of meat with the noodles, but they were so flavorful and spicy, we didn't mind there not being a lot of meat! The noodles were also slick from oil and a little firmer than we were used to. We loved the firmness though! It's a nice change of pace.   Both dishes were perfectly portioned for the 2 of us. I would recommend coming to Han Dynasty for some delicious food!
4 Solid place for some classic Szechuan cuisine. This location is always packed on weekend nights. Pro tip: you can join their waitlist online to save some waiting time.   We got the dan dan noodles and the pickled chili style fish. The dan dan noodles is a 5/5. It's spicy, savory, with a hint of sesame. The noodles are quite spicy though, so be warned.   The picked chili style fish is solid as well (4/5). The fish fillet is extremely tender and is buried underneath pickled vegetables, beans, and bamboo shoots covered in a spicy sauce. The flavor is on point, but i did find rather oily.
5 Huge fan, great food, got service and food very quickly and everything tasted amazing! I am still eating leftovers two days later!
1 The chicken was not only frozen, it was frozen, thawed, then frozen again who knows how many times until it tasted like a pellet of protein that bore no resemblance to fresh or even refrigerated or once frozen chicken. The table next to me complained of unwashed utensils and a bug in their food.
4 My friend & I first came to Han Dynasty in January 2017. It was a Saturday night, the place was packed with tons of NYU students and they were blasting trap music.  The food was delicious and the vibe was cool AF. Since then I have been back several times and often order take-out. My favorites are the scallion pancakes, chicken or beef fried rice, the wonton in chicken broth soup and finally the Kung Pao Chicken without peanuts, tho.   Whenever I am craving Chinese food I hold-off until I can make my way to Han Dynasty, It's that good!
4 Great inexpensive Chinese restaurant on the East Side.  Full bar - definitely a plus!  Spicy ratings from 0 - 10 that are pretty accurate - definitely a plus!  They bring the heat without sacrificing the flavor.   Very reasonably priced lunch specials.  A little crowded for dinner but it's definitely worth the wait.  The Mapo Tofu is legit!
5 This place Is NEXT LEVEL. GINA is the Best in the industry, I would sell my unborn child for a table at 8pm with Gina.   #GinaOrDie. #ThatsMyGirl #BaoBuns
5 Favorite place. Literally the best comfort food. The Dan dan noodles and the veggie dumplings are amaazing!
1 We ordered from Grubhub, it took about 90 minutes to be delivered. We ordered the Dan Dan pork noodles and Sausage rice noodles. Both of them contained a very meager amount of meat. The Dan Dan noodles was very greasy and hastily done. It was a complete waste of time and money.
4 Hospitality and service was great! My beef noodle soup was a bit flavorful, but I feel like something was missing based on taste . Please feel free to check out my food blog on Instagram @briannascravings !
1 Wish I could give a review of the food, but sadly never had the chance to actually get a table and eat here. I signed up for the waitlist via Yelp, which said it would be 16-26 minutes. Kept an eye on the timing and arrived a little after the original time Yelp said to get there, since it was moving slower. When we arrived and said we're on the waitlist, I was told it would be at least another 30 minutes, maybe more. That took the 16-26 minute wait time to past 45 minutes, up to 60 minutes. We were supposedly 3rd in line, which dropped to 2nd right after we checked-in, but didn't see anyone else walk in and be seated. I don't think they were actually honoring the waitlist, probably were seating walk-ins which made the wait longer than predicted. It was clear she hadn't been looking at the Yelp waitlist, or paying attention to it. We sat at the bar to wait and considered eating there, but no one ever came over. The place was chaotic and really loud. I didn't have high expectations of the service. We just couldn't stand to be in there 30 minutes to wait, let alone eat there, so we left. No plans to ever come back to this place, it's just a mad house.  EDIT: response to comment - I understand it's an estimate, but it was exceedingly off, by more than twice the amount. It didn't make much sense that we were 2nd in line and would have to wait another 30+ minutes after already being on the waitlist for 30 minutes if it were actually being honored - we were not that far on the line when we joined the waitlist. My party was complete. Yes, my review is based on my experience as a guest - as I said we waited at the bar and considered eating there, however no one ever came over. We didn't see anyone at the bar for 10 minutes. Service was therefore poor, everything was poorly managed and chaotic.
4 Very solid Chinese food at a good price and with really good flavors. It's a bit of a bar environment and can be very loud, so not the best place for a relaxing dinner or as a place to get in great conversation but worth it for an energetic good meal.
5 They were the most accommodating excellent and friendly. So much food! Gina and seven our hosts were amazing and handled our large and rowdy group. We got the $40 tasting menu and had no issues what so ever! Great experience, highly recommend.
5 Best Sichuan in city. Owner Jasmine is super accommodating - I complained about my lunch order and she refired it immediately without hesitating and per my instructions. Food is great too - like I'm back in Chengdu. This place never disappoints!
5 Ive been coming here since 2014 weekly and the food is ridiculously good. Every dish is a new adventure. The staff, especially Gina, is fantastic. Super clean bathrooms
1 This is a terrible restaurant.  For those craving authentic Chinese food keep looking elsewhere.  There are no Chinese working in the restaurant nor eating in the restaurant. When I walked in the "host" completely ignored me until I finally asked if there was a host who could seat me. He replied that "he had a lot of things going on" but then did apologize and seated me. The waiter was Latin but nice. The place is loud and the drinks are watery and the food was lousy. It was so dark in the corner where I was sitting that the wait staff kept dropping thing including a huge hot pot which splattered all over my shirt and pants.  The waiter apologized and gave me 25% off, but it's not enough. Avoid this place for sure!
2 Han Dynasty  Double cooked pork was more like double cooked two weeks ago pork... man the pork was dry, it will cuts your throat as it goes down.   U see, I am ok with high priced Chinese restaurant , you should charge higher because good chef is pricy, good ingredient cost even more! but Wow, the food remind me of some cheap Chinese take out. My man! Charge me an arm and leg, I am ok with it, if money was a problem, I would not be in manhattan. I thought The Bao on St markt st was poor man's food  Han is just bad!!!!!!   宫保鸡，u can say F U to me if I ask you to cook something so call traditional, ~~or something taste the same from China, which so many fu*king American born Chinese always like to say. I feel u, people don't know sh*t ! Dude, make your own Version of it, be creative, bring it to another level . But! Just ! Don't be fu*king lazy! Your version of Kong bao chicken was more like sesame chicken from cheap take out but add some green bell pepper and peanuts to it ! Dude, and don't tell yourself that I just made this for white people because it is something they will like! Please! Just please!!   Chef ( u are not chef, I call you chef just to be polite, u only cook! ) do better, yes u can, I know u can, go on YouTube and take a look of any video of how to cook a basic 回锅肉 and 宫保鸡丁 please ! Or don't call yourself a Chinese restaurant!   Extra star for those front of house!
4 The food here is really good. But this is the third HD site I have experience of -- also Brooklyn and Philly -- and the service is brusque verging on hostile. And this one is really noisy. Order takeout.
5 Great schezwan bar.. Spicy food and good service. Have some good vegetarian options and affordable.
4 Clearly this place is known for their DAN DAN NOODLE.  Verdict: I agree. Easily one of the best and most authentic tasting dan dan noodles I've ever had. The noodle texture has very high quality, but it's really the sauce (which they mix in for you) that really makes this dish shine. I usually start getting tired of dan dan noodles after a while because the sauce starts giving the noodles a slightly dried out texture, but the one here didn't have that problem at all. The only issue is that it lacks a little meat. If they served it with some more ground pork for a little more money, I think it would be perfect.
1 The worst Chinese meal of my life. Dry Pepper Fish was unpleasantly greasy. It was almost all batter, hardly any fish.
4 I was dragged to the restaurant bc I did not think it'd be authentic. I have to eat my words. We went at 7pm on Friday and snagged the last table. The lazhiji (otherwise known as dry pepper chicken or chongqing chicken) is the best I've ever had (better than Cafe China, Hutong etc) and even better than their UWS location which was already good. The dan dan noodles were terrific too. It's not my fav dish as I prefer sesame noodles but I liked that their version has a bit of the peanut taste. The spicy wontons were good but not special. Previously I have tried the salt and pepper scallop at the UWS location which was so bland we didn't finish the dish. The regular pork dumplings at UWS were average too. Delicious solid meal!
4 I was pleasantly surprised at how good the food was here and how reasonable the prices were. I am so used to ordering spicy food and then being disappointed at the spice level. Han Dynasty delivers - we had the crunchy cucumber, dumplings in chili oil, and the salt & pepper shrimp. All were delicious. I couldn't stop picking at the crunchy shallots that were on top of the shrimp. My only complaint was that it was super loud & crowded but it was a Saturday night at 6:30, so what did I expect? I would defiantly  eat  here again - there were several things on the menu I wanted to try.
5 Great staff. Good beer selection, especially for some of this spicy dishes haha. The wings are always on point! Scallion pancake is my go to. The dumplings and wontons are good. The buns on the pork belly are great but overall the dish could be better, feels like it's lacking something. Hot sauce shrimp I can skip next time. Kung Pao Style and Garlic Sauce Style are both great options. Dan Dan noodles are perfect!
4 I have been to this restaurant many times and cumin chicken is out of the world.  One thing I would recommend  is to reduce the amount of oil in food
2 Bugs in Rice  See that for urself. Eggplant Okay, sweet and salty taste. Pork too 柴, leek not cooked thoroughly, the dish tastes bland.
5 Very good restaurant, the serving size is enough.  There are many guests. Plus a beer is even better!
5 So stinking good!! Recommend the Dan Dan noodles and chicken fried rice. This is family style so generous portions! The food was fresh flavorful and memorable. The next time I need to shop at Union Square, I will be making a detour to devour some more of those addictive noodles.
4 Been coming here for years and the food is always spot on. I know they value consistency across their locations, and I always know I can rely on them for some good Szechuan favorites. That being said, I think there was a big shift in their business strategy in the past two+ years and they're catering much more to non-Asian crowd, which I get for monetary reasons. Nonetheless, I do feel like the general knowledge of the dishes among the staff and the spice-level has diminished. For example, a few visits back, I asked for white pepper (a common spice in Szechuan cuisine) for a soup and the server told us they didn't have it, which couldn't have been the case. We asked for him to check with the kitchen and he was very polite and obliged. Lo and behold there was white pepper in the back because it's used in a lot of dishes! That being said, the classics are all still there on the menu and reliable.
5 Best Chinese I've ever had! The service is as good as the food. I was recommended to come here from a friend and it's better than I expected.
5 Great Chinese fare that is a little overpriced. Staff is friendly and was helpful when we ordered. Fried rice and rice noodles are a favorite. The Raging Bitch beer was fantastic also.
4 The food is good. Despite appearing that it might be kind of Americanized Chinese food (the layout of the menu and the items on there gave a hint of that), it was still pretty authentic.
5 A few updates: The service has gotten friendlier, which is cool. Unfortunately, the quality of the Dan Dan noodles has diminished (particularly at lunch) and is a bit too wet now. Don't get me wrong, I still order them here and there, but it used to be a go-to. There are plenty of amazing options and I'm still obsessed with this place. I recently moved to DC and sometimes I'm not sure if I miss Han Dynasty or my fiance more.   Favorites: Cumin Lamb Dry Fry Pork Double Cooked Pork Belly Hot Sauce Fish Dry Pepper Fish
2 Han is no longer a Dynasty. How did we come to that conclusion, you ask? My wife, daughter and I went to LOE Han for dinner on Thursday Aug 15th. We so looked forward to it, as this is our 'go to' spot for Chinese food and has been, for a number of years. After being promptly seated, our waiter took our order. We didn't want all the food at once, so asked that the appetizer be sent first, followed by the 3 entrée dishes. After receiving our drinks, the appetizer was served. When we finished, we waited a few minutes and then 2 of the 3 dishes were served. About 15 minutes elapsed when we noticed other diners, who were seated well after us, were being served their meal. We looked for our waiter (MIA) and found someone to inquire about the dish, not yet served (Kung Pao Chicken). At this point, being practically finished, there was still no word on when we would receive the dish. We spotted the hostess (or manager, hard to tell), Jasmine. We told her that we had been waiting for at least 20 minutes for the remaining dish. She admonished us with the 'you needed to tell the waiter you wanted all the food together'. I am sure she missed the point or couldn't hear (HAN is very noisy). In any event, I responded that we didn't want all the food together. And we proceeded to disagree on what should've been served in what order, but then something really, WEIRD happened. She asked me something about how frequently we ate there (again remember the noise issue) and asked my name, which I told her. And finally, the last dish was served, so we proceeded with the meal. Meanwhile, Jasmine returns to our table and proceeds to whisper to my daughter, 'are you a NYU student?' When she responded no, Jasmine proceeded to tell her, she (or us?) was no longer welcome at Han Dynasty? What, you say? Did she really say that? My daughter was visibly upset. After all, she wasn't even part of any conversation. Was this some Machiavellian strategy (whatever that could be) or was she just that poor a manager (the latter more likely). And why did she want my name? What was the motivation here? And where was our waiter? Well, I left in disgust. No issue for we me not returning, but while my wife and daughter were shocked, they remained to finish and pay. After all, while Jasmine displayed almost juvenile petulance and poor managerial skills, the food was still good. The waiter miraculously materialized to tell us he was very sorry, but was called into the kitchen to help out there (no one to cover?). Oh, forgot to say, but Jasmine left, right after 'banishing' us. Guess she couldn't take the 'heat' from the kitchen.
5 This place has been our favorite dinner spot. Exact same taste and flavor!! Last night we had our usual favorite chicken pot style, spicy and delicious. The only thing I would suggest is ask for less salt as it is too salty. We tried their garlic tofu which is so flavorful and absolutely tasty. The noise in this restaurant is very high but I guess food helps to deal with it.
5 Completely floored by the authentic, tongue numbing, and flavorful food at Han Dynasty. Dined with my two girlfriends and I and we loved everything!!!  Came on a Sunday with luckily zero wait - make sure to use Yelp's live wait feature!!! We wanted to keep it quick and simple and ordered the Dan Dan Noodles, the Cumin Lamb, and Vegetable Fried Rice.  The Dan Dan Noodles were some of the BEST that I've ever had. They weren't overbearingly peanut-y. You could taste the light touch of the chili oil which gave the sauce the perfect balance. Oh and very generously portioned!! (I would order this as an entree dish next time)  The Cumin Lamb was peppery, packed with hot cumin flavors, tender, and had a delicious sauce. It was so good!   The Vegetable Fried Rice was soft and light, it balanced the spices of the other two dishes extremely well.   The service was extremely fast, efficient, and on point. The venue isn't the grandest of them all, but definitely worth paying a visit if you're in the search for quality Schezuan food. Han Dynasty packs a punch of flavor and spices and I don't see myself being able to resist myself from coming back for much longer!!
5 The dry pepper chicken is amazing. Went on Saturday right after they opened, it's clean and the food came quickly
4 Had a really tasty meal here. Got the Dan Dan noodles based on reviews and didn't disappoint! Def would come again but as a group as the serving sizes are large so can't share a lot between two.
5 I rarely post reviews but just wanted to say that the staff here were incredibly inviting and made sure that our very large (14 person) party had a memorable evening with many tasty dishes. Food was overall very good and the kitchen was able to fine tune our requests as we had different spice tolerances. It's tough to find a spot for a very big group in Manhattan that won't break the bank buy Han Dynasty completely delivered!
5 My go to Chinese spot! Always great. My favorite things to order are the Kung pao chicken and Dan Dan noodles. Worth the wait! The fried rice is also great. They play bumping music and the service is always friendly and fast. They are also on wait list which makes it super easy to get a table!
5 I had the dan dan noodles. One of the best I've had. You get a lot for your money. This is one of the cheaper places in the city for dan dan and you get more! Noodles were awesome, and the restaurant had a nice date night vibe to it
5 We had an amazing time and Gina was the best host!! Will recommend this place 1000% and try out their chili pot if you like spicy food :)
5 Came to pick up my food - an hour and a half after ordering it  - and they insisted on re-making it fresh for me because 'it wouldn't be good after sitting around so long'. How incredibly sweet.
5 Down to earth homey joint with great simple Chinese food.  Dan Dan noodles are rocking, dumplings in chili oil are great nice spice, black bean sauce yummy, mapo tofu greatly enjoy.  Not fancy but really good.
5 Love this place! Food is always on point. Used to visit their location on Market Street, PA often. Must try: Kung Pao Chicken, Dan Dan Noodles, Hot Sauce style Chicken and Cumin Style chicken. Service is fast and efficient, drinks are not great but when the food and service is awesome ‍ 5 stars for being amazing!
5 The best around for a nicer Chinese dinner. The restaurant is always crowded because it is so good. Despite this the service is always reasonable and the food is always a hit. The prices are decent for the amount of food you get and the sit down aspect. We got the Garlic Sauce Style and Dry Pepper style. The entrees comes with a big bowl of white rice which is plenty. Both were really authentic and so dank. Will definitely be back
3 Ordered beef & tripes in chili oil. The delivery was fast and the food was tasty. However, the description says it comes with white rice but my order arrived without rice. Otherwise, they will get a 4 stars from me. Will give them another chance since the food is really good.
1 This restaurant does not even deserve one star. My food arrived without a fork and soy sauce. My shrimp fried rice was cold and lacked flavor and only had 5 shrimps! This is ridiculous if you want Chinese food do not buy from here because they are overpriced and their food is not up to par.
5 Not just my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC, but my favorite restaurant period. The spicy schezuan dishes are incredible and I highly recommend it to anyone who loves flavorful food. Their Garlic sauce style is mild on your palate but I recommend any of the spicier ones like Dry Pot, Dry Pepper or Cumin style. Scallion Style and Kung Pao are also favorites of mine. I love this place!
4 Perfectly located in Old City is this great Chinese restaurant. To be fair China town is walking distance away, but I still love this place. There is a ton of seating and they use the szechuan spices well. They give you large portions which is perfect for family style dining.   SPICY WONTON - There is more wrapping then there is meat, but I didn't mind. I enjoyed the texture of the wrapping as a dip to the szechuan oil. The meat that I got was also pretty goo.   DAN DAN NOODLES - They mix it for you which is either great if you're lazy, or sucks if you wanted the fun of doing it yourself. Regardless the flavors were great. Spicy but the peanut sauce cuts through it a little. It's a little more peanutty than I would like, but I didn't mind.
4 A friend who had lived in Philly and had frequented the Han Dynasty there turned me on to this place, and I'll be forever grateful for that.  As this is not a vegan or vegetarian establishment, I tend to stick with the winners I know and love. Namely, for entrees: the tofu dry-pot style and tofu cumin style. And for appetizers: the Dan Dan noodles, and the Spicy Crispy Cucumber. They are all wonderfully flavorful and inspired dishes. Though the prices can seem a bit high for some items, one should note that the portions tend to be generous.  I tried the hot sauce style tofu once, and it was wonderfully flavorful, but I personally found it a little bit too oily for my palate; it left me feeling slightly lethargic. If you don't mind a lot of oil, you may like it though.  The service here is really good. I've never had to wonder when a waiter or a dish would show up. They are just super efficient and pleasant.   They do also have a full bar here where one can have a drink and/or a meal. As this place often fills up at peak hours, it's nice to have the option of having a drink at the bar while waiting for a table, or of simply eating at the bar.
5 The dry pepper wings are some of the best I've had anywhere. Perfect seasoning, crispy, and spicy. The fish with hot sauce and the scallion style chicken were also delicious. Great little find for some authentic sichuan food on our trip to NYC. The staff was also extremely friendly. Would highly recommend, and will definitely go again when I come back to the city.
4 I had dinner here on Friday and it was really busy for a 7:00 PM dinner. The place was packed! Nonetheless, we were seated so quickly (I put myself on the waitlist using the yelp app - which made things seamless). The waitress offered us to try the mixed cocktail with this aged rum. It was good so we ordered two. It was the mango cocktail, but just be aware it is on the sweet side! We ordered pork buns, a side of vegetables, the dry hot pot with pork for the entree. Honestly, we definitely over ordered. The dry hot pot was bigger than expected and comes with a side of rice. If we had to do it again I would've held off on the pork buns (even though it was so delicious!). Also, the main entree was spicy! I enjoy spicy food so I was fine but if it isn't your cup of tea just be aware of this. The food was amazing, service was great the only thing is that it is so incredibly loud here that it was impossible to have a conversation without screaming. But I do understand it is the LES so maybe it's just because of the neighborhood. All in all a great time.
5 Amazing food, especially the spicy options on the menu. Got the bourbon cocktail which was amazing.
5 The BEST Chinese food I have had, in nyc or elsewhere. You can try many of their great options here, but the one thing I recommend (and that I keep going back for) is the dry pepper style fish. It's so spicy but so good. I get this as takeout almost every week and haven't gotten tired of it.
5 This is probably the best Szechuan cuisine I have ever tasted. If you are looking to splurge, this is the place to do it. It's recommended to share a couple dishes- get the crispy cucumbers and Dan Dan noodles- they are to die for! I then got the dry fry style tofu which is an 8 spiciness on a level of 10. You can ask them to make it spicier or less spicy. The employees are very friendly and helped answer all my questions including recommending specific dishes. They also bring complimentary tea to the table- it's amazing. Overall my experience at this restaurant was a dream so I would recommend to all!
5 This restaurant is great although it is always super packed!  The dry pepper style fish is amazing!
4 I found this restaurant while walking around the city. I enjoyed their food with my famliy. I like the spicy Mung bean noodle. All of us like Bak choi with black mushroom, Egg plant with garlic sauce and Mapo Tofu. We also had Lo Mein with shrimp which was OK.  I think this resturant is a authentic Chinese restaurant. The enviroment was clean and service was good.
3 Food is still good, but prices on take out menu still don't reflect the actual prices...
5 Our go to spot for Sunday night takeout. Dan dan noodles are amazing, as well as won tons and king pao chicken.
4 While cruising last weekend, I was surprised and happy to stumble upon a vendor serving authentic food. To my knowledge, no dedicated restaurants currently operate the closest thing we have is the food truck. When you see a chance to eat food in this town, you take it.
5 Been coming to this spot many times - very solid and consistent Chinese food. Great service and love the menu - every style I've tried (dry pot, picked Chile, garlic, dry pepper etc...) has been 10/10. The dan dan noodles are one of my favorites.  Def recommend to go with friends so you can share more dishes!
4 This place has one of the best Szechuan food in Manhattan. I generally go to Flushing but this one is worth visiting. Been there two times in last two months. Was never disappointed.   First time had chilly dumpling and dry pepper chicken, and second time had wings and chicken in hot sauce. Both the times it was incredible. Little disappointed with the amount of wine. It's overpriced based on the amount given. Anyway, will visit there again.
5 We came here with a large group of people and the service was phenomenal, the food outstanding. I have a meat allergy and they were more than accommodating of it. I believe the waitress's name was Gina, she deserves all the praise for dealing with a party of 25 with flying colors. My favorite was the fried shrimp, we couldn't get enough of it. If you're in the city you need to stop here.
5 HAN DYNASTY. My favorite place to eat in NY! Usually don't go to this location but it's nice that is open and you can people watch. Ok now the food!!! This is the most amazing Szechuan food I've ever had. Everything is great but I recommend.. Get the Dan Dan noodles. The wings are also fantastic and last time I also got the asparagus, which was very very refreshing, unsurprising that it was amazing like the rest of the menu!
4 Came here this past Saturday. Much smaller in terms of capacity than its sister location on UWS. With that said, we ordered the dan dan noodles and chicken hot sauce style dish. Overall very satisfied with the food and service. The UWS location does cater to a milder clientele in terms of spice levels while this one brings it right on with a kick to it. Besides the sheer noise which makes it difficult to hear one another, this is a sure shot.
5 One thing about Han is that everything comes in enormous portions, so make sure to share your sustenance! Certainly get the dumplings. It's flavorful. Dan Noodles are heavenly and have an astounding umami property. The Cumin Lamb has an incredible surface and flavor with simply the appropriate measure of warmth.  The lunch dishes are also amazing and the prices are just right!
3 Not a big fan. I love spice and sichuan food, but the dishes we tried lacked other flavorings. When spicy cucumber appetizer is my favorite dish, dinner can be a bit sad. Scallion pancakes underwhelming -- not quite the guilty pleasure greasy goodness I crave during the school year. Cumin pork mediocre. Dan Dan noodles mediocre.
5 Spicy. Flavorful, quick. What a delicious meal. Clean. Perfectly cooked. We had dumplings with chili sauce dan dan noodles and pork dry pot. The heat built up gradually and existentially. Definitely a stop when on the lower east side.
1 We went to this restaurant on May 27 , ordered Kung Pao Chicken, Gingers with duck, rice, and a drink, Kung Pao chicken was basically  sweet & sour chicken with chill peppers,  barely had gingers in the duck dish,  they used leeks instead, and the worst thing about the duck dish was they didn't wash through the leeks, my husband and I both felt eating sand in the mouth when we were having the ginger duck.   We would never come back to this horrible restaurant again!
2 Not good & overrated so many better places close by especially with the recent boom in asian restaurants in EV.  Not sure what the hype is maybe because they were there first before all the better options opened?
3 I'm not a food critic, but I am trying to make an argument for this restaurant. I am going to try it again. I think they should stay a little longer. Definitely a place I would come back to for lunch, as well. Food: The food is excellent, but I will say I had the hardest time enjoying my food. The meat was so dry it was almost a bit tasteless. The beans were also so dry, I wasn't sure how they could possibly be quality beans. The rice was soft and mushy and tasted like sugar or starch. I also had the best pickled fish I have ever had on any plate, and then some. I was so impressed that I had to go back and try the other dishes. The service wasn't bad either. It's just a little slow, but not overbearing and a little relaxed. I've now tried it more than once. Food: The quality of the food is good, but the price here is ridiculous. I think this is because I didn't order anything. I think the restaurant was just a little too expensive for what it is. The food is really good and the service is great. However, I think I will stick with the Dan Dan Noodles and the Pickled Style Fish.
4 Long wait but worth it! I need to come back to try the Dan Dan noodles that everyone was ordering.   Note: the spicy scale here seems to be a bit undersold. I do not have a high spicy tolerance, but I was able to eat the wonton appetizer that was rated a 4 and even my friend's dish that was rated at a whopping 8!  I ordered the Kung Pow Chicken, which I believe was a 3 on the spicy scale, and it wasn't spicy but was very tasty. I like the amount of garlic and peanuts that were in the meal, and the portion size was large. I definitely went home with leftovers.   The one unimpressive component of the meal was the rice. It was pretty dry and crumbly, but honestly, my main entree was good enough to eat alone.
4 Found out about this place in philly with my girl . came back to nyc and didn't have hope that'll reach my pa experience but it deff did. Hands down one of my favorite spots for Asian food !!! DANDANNOODLE for life
5 HUGE fan of Han Dynasty. This location far and away better than the Brooklyn location because the service was actually good. And how is it possible to not stop talking about the Dan Dan noodles. Very spicy but excellent all around. I could eat 10 bowls of them. Would recommend coming here non peak hours because it gets slammed but the wait is worth it.
5 Amazing flavor, can't complain about any of the dishes we got. We ordered the spicy mung bean, hot sauce beef, and double cooked pork belly. Loved the spice!
5 Small place with GREAT food!! Best wontons I've ever had!  Most amazing Kung Pao chicken I've ever had as well!  We all ordered different things and everything we tried was simply delicious!!
1 EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED.....  The worst service EVER. We were attended by a pathetic waiter, I don't even know his name. He wears glasses and he was blonde, and we were at the table 7. We ordered the food with him and another person because he NEVER took care of us properly. Actually, the order that he took he took it wrong and the other servers brought the wrong food. We were very specific NO SPICY FOOD, and he told us that the plate wouldn't be spicy. When we got the food several time after, the food was extremely spicy. We returned the plate and he brought another one (the correct one) several time after and we also returned it. When we did that, he got upset and disrespectful and he screamed at us saying that we should've told him before. After that, he brought the check he asked for tip in the machine and when we put CERO, he turned upset again, he practically asked us to leave very disrespectfully and saying "speed it up". He even pushed me while he was cleaning and he didn't even said sorry and I pushed him back, and when I turned around to leave he kicked my foot on purpose. UNBELIEVABLE....  The manager needs to be more detailed oriented selecting the staff.... really disappointed and NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL but
4 Solid Sichuan food! We got fish in a pot and cumin beef, and both were delicious. Service was also fast and friendly. The interior is just average, which is why I'm giving 4 stars. It's probably not a good place for a romantic date, but it is great for dining with friends and family.
5 This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! The Dan Dan noodles are unique and a must if you come this restaurant - great flavor and the minced pork on top is amazing!   Their dumplings in chili oil are great too! I have tried both their kung pao chicken and chicken garlic style as well which are yum. Overall, everything on the menu is great. Only issue with this location is that it can get very busy for good reason so their might be wait times, beat that by joining the waitlist on yelp a little before you reach the restaurant.   Wish the restaurant was more spacious as it is a tight space when walking between the tables to your seat and restroom. But hey, nothing is perfect. Highly recommend!
5 Food is as authentic as it gets, with a wide variety of options and spice levels for your taste. I ordered the chicken lo mein with a side of asparagus and it was all cooked to perfection!  Service was quick, courteous, and accommodating too. Will be sure to come back the next time we're in the city!
4 Great but inconsistent food, long waits, questionable service.  I recommend the Dan Dan Noodles and the Pickled Style Fish. The noodles were authentic Szechuan. Each bite was loaded with flavor and a hint of spiciness. I've come here on a couple occasions and it tasted different - probably just a different ratio of sauce ingredients. They both tasted great though.  The Pickled Style Fish is sometimes really spicy and other times mild. It's always delicious. Generous portion of fish, great combination of vegetables and always authentic.  Also, you get a complimentary kettle of tea, which was nice.  The service is questionable. People around us get kicked out all the time for being slow. The owner can be rude at times. Be prepared to wait a long time before getting in. Getting on the Yelp waitlist saves time.
5 ANOTHER REVIEW: I just ordered the shrimp fried rice, was incredibly tasty. After my first experience here was mediated I have been going here ever since! Customer service has definitely improved and is one of my favorite Sichuan spots in east village.  UPDATED REVIEW:  I am changing my review from a 2 star to a 4 star. Even though I was upset from being overcharged, the manager of Han Dynasty reached out to me multiple times to return my overcharged money. I was unable to come on the days she was available, but I truly appreciate all of effort she put in to communicating to return my overcharge.  After this experience, I gave Han Dynasty one more try and the food was tasty. I ordered delivery and got the salt and pepper shrimp. The meal was great and I believe I will be ordering takeout from here   OLD REVIEW: I had a terrible experience getting pick up here. The only reason this place is getting 2 stars instead of 1 is because the food was okay. But the service was so bad!   I ordered kung poa tofu and scallion pancakes over the phone. The employee said it would take 10 minutes. I came 15 minutes later to the restaurant and my food was not ready. I was fine with that since I live nearby and 15-20 minutes is usually the normal time. I waited another 15 minutes until the food was done. But my order was incorrect! They had given me kung poa chicken instead of tofu. When I told the employee she was very rude and didn't apologize. She said they would correct my order.  I waited another 10 minutes for my food. The employee was not very kind especially when they had made a mistake and I had been waiting over 40 minutes for a pick up order. And after I got home I realized I was OVERCHARGED. My meal should have been 18 dollars according to there online menu but instead I was told my order was 26 dollars (which I paid) and they did not provide me with a receipt.  Really a shame. There are plenty of other huchinese places in the neighborhood that have better service and similar food. I would definitely NOT reccommend coming here after my experience.
4 I was really skeptical of this place, but I'm so glad we gave it a shot. We ordered dan dan noodles, dry pepper chicken, and the cucumbers. Loved everything. Considered ordering more food, after we finished our meal.
3 In my opinion, if you know what to order the food can be pretty decent, but damn, it will ALWAYS be oily! That's my problem with this place, flavor is decent on things like the dry pepper or hot pot style dishes, or even the dan dan noodles, but you will feel like you drank a quart of oil before dinner is over.  The ambiance of this place is what you would expect to see on 3rd avenue - it's not the nicest, but it's okay. During peak times, it can get really loud and noisy in there, so I wouldn't say it's a great place for a date (plus, do you really want to drink oil together?).  Lastly, IMO, the best place to sit is at the bar if you're only 1 or 2 people.
2 First, let me be clear by saying that everything about this place was great except for what I am about to mention. Only reason this place deserves a 2 instead of a 4 or 5 star rating is due to the woman/host (person who brought us to the table) rushing us.  We (party of 2) arrived around 6pm. We noticed that over time, the place started to get crowded quickly. Needless to say, we had no idea that the overcorwdednss would be the reason for the host (person who took us to the table) to rush us SEVERAL TIMES by saying "there's people waiting so you have to hurry up". Who does/says this?! I was still having my drink and I tried telling her this twice! To make matters worse, our table had to be shifted by HER twice to make room for the tables adjacent to us. And she had the nerve to rush us!!! Due to this poor and inconsiderate service, we will not be returning!  Manger: pls train your employees properly and teach them how to cater to customers.  This event occurred on April 11, 2019.
5 Best Szechuan in the city - take out is perfect. I like to go old school and actually pick up the phone, speak to a human, order and pick it up (far cheaper and faster than ordering on Postmates or Caviar). It's a real throw back and worth it. From the spring rolls to the Dan Dan noodles (wow so good), everything is delicious.   Ambiance of the restaurant is not great, it's loud and hectic, hence the perfect take out place since it's so delicious.   Moral of this review - get the Dan Dan noodles and all your Szechuan favs.
5 Excellent Sichuan food and very vegetarian friendly. The service can be hit/miss since it's always pretty packed, but the consistently amazing food makes it worth it!  Here a few favorite vegetarian dishes.   Dan Dan Noodles (no pork) - really tasty with a spicy kick  Dry Pepper Style Tofu - ultra crispy tofu that is moderately spicy, and very addictive.   Dry Pot Tofu - served sizzling and it is one of the spicier dishes on the menu. It is one of the few tofu dishes that also has some veggies in it which is a plus - lotus and peppers.   Beers are pretty cheap and a nice complement to the spicy food!
5 I love me some Han Dynasty.  Nothing better than coming here on a Sunday night to sweat my face off eating spicy food while listening to ear drum crushing techno music.   Basically everything I've tried here I love, but my favorites are:   - Dan Dan noodles - Kung Po Chicken.  Easily my favorite.   - Garlic Eggplant  - String beans with minced beef  - Tsingtsao to wash it all down  Han Dynasy will always be a guilty pleasure of mine.  Anyone who hates the experience should realize that this restaurant is not catered to the sensitive. This place is designed to rock all of your senses, so you might as well enjoy the ride.
5 I went to this restaurant with my friends and their hot sauce style beef is really good!! I ate all of it with rice. That's one of my favorite. And also the beef and tripe in chili oil is great too! Just Not enough for my stomach but still good for appetizers. Will come back for sure!
4 Nice neighborhood Chinese restaurant providing a pleasant dining experience. Overall the food is very good as is customer service.   Ordered the spring rolls, dan dan noodles and the chicken dry pepper style. The spring rolls were very crispy, not greasy and had a delicious filling. The dan dan noodles were perfectly cooked and very tasty. The spice level was medium. Finally, the chicken was perfectly crispy and tender. There was a perfect balance of salt and spice without either being overwhelming. They will alter the heat level of any dish to suit your taste.
5 We got there around 7pm on a Saturday and even though it was crowded we got in rather quickly. The food was incredible, particularly the cucumbers, dan dan noodles and cumin lamb. Yummmm!!!! Our server was amazing. Attentive, knowledgeable and very friendly. Can't wait to go back and try other things on the menu!
5 Amazing. I have been searching for a good Chinese restaurant in Manhattan for my entire adult life and I've finally found it. This isn't your typical, greasy chicken and broccoli place, this is legit, authentic Chinese food and it is fantastic. The waiters are super friendly and they have a full bar. The food is super flavorful and kept me eating after I was actually full just because it was so good. Everyone at our table of 7 ordered something different and everyone walked away happy. They also can make your dish actually spicy if you request it. A wonderful find and I'm really glad my friend recommended it.
3 Its okay. Pretty cheap szechuan food, but to be fair the sizes arent that big. Dont think its that authentic to be honest, they cater to a more american crowd. Would go again only if theres no wait. Make sure to go there early since the lines are ridiculous.
5 This place has been my go to place for dinner, they have a lot of vegetarian options. My favorite is lo mein and mapo tofu. The wait line is pretty big, I would recommend reserving through yelp to avoid the long line.
4 LOVE me some Han Dynasty. Came here with a small group for a late Saturday night dinner and so glad we endured the wait (~30 mins, which we spent having drinks next door). Everything we ordered was perfectly seasoned and SPICY, which I love. I believe we started with dumplings and there was a chicken hot pot somewhere in there, along with a side of string beans. I truly do not remember all that we ordered but I know that everyone left full, satisfied, and ready to take a nap - or in our case, go to bed. I recommend Han Dynasty for a casual meal that will satisfy your taste for Schezuan without needing to head too far downtown.
1 This place is not for people looking for authentic Sichuan food. It's not spicy at all, the portions are small (but a lot of soup), and it's too noisy. I may have given it 2.5 stars if current rating wasn't so high.
4 Pro tip: join the waitlist on yelp before heading to the restaurant! The wait times for dinner here can get crazy.   Pretty good chinese/Szechuan food with a few Taiwanese twists thrown in. I tried the cabbage with dried peppers, wontons in chili oil, garlic sauce style lamb, and three cup chicken.  The cabbage was a great veggie dish to get. It was packed with Szechuan flavor, but not overly drenched with sauce. The wontons weren't anything special. Garlic sauce style had a good amount of veggies in it like bamboo, Woodear mushrooms, bell peppers, and onions. Three cup Chicken was good with the flavor as well, just a little overly salted in my opinion. Overall pretty good meal and service for how busy they get.  One thing I noticed at the end of the meal that was kind of concerning is that the rim of the teapot had a black residue coming off of it. Black water got all over my hands and on the napkin. They should probably watch the quality of the pots they use and if it has lead paint issues or something.
5 Order the dandan noodles! Wonderful!
5 Had an incredible time here for dinner this weekend. Went with a group of 6 the weekend of st Patrick's day and to say the place (we) was rowdy would be an understatement. It was such an incredibly fun experience, especially coupled with the amazing food.   I don't eat a lot of Asian cuisine, but I was with some seasoned foodies who ordered for the table. We ordered countless dishes and drinks, and everything was absolutely delicious. Our server was also incredible, getting our food out within minutes and putting up with not only us, but every other rowdy group in the restaurant.   We used the waitlist to get a table and we were lucky enough to be right on time. All in all, it was an incredible dinner experience and I have never had such a fun and tasty dinner!
5 Freaking delicious. Went with a party of 7, and we got so much yummy food. I love spicy and this was right up my alley. Spicy sauce chicken and the noodles were delicious. Gina pointed us all in an amazing direction that was point on. Will go again.
5 Come for the food, stay for the Gina. Gina's the kween AF and as for the food, order the mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, green beans and spicy cucs or GTFO!!! I'm asian so this is basically 10 stars.
5 Come for the Dan Dan noodles, stay for Gina's company. Legit only waitress I ever want whenever I eat here. Thanks for being so welcoming and fun, Gina!
5 I have since come back multiple times and have had it delivered a good number of times, and it's still just as amazing as ever!  -Scallion pancake: standard dish, amazing, but a little bit overpriced here for the portion -Vegetable fried dumplings: delicious -Dumplings in chili oil: significantly heavier than the vegetable fried dumplings, but very delicious -Beef & tripe in oil: classic Szechuan dish. I Solid -Sichuan pickled vegetables: so good, but so overpriced...will continue to get it nonetheless -Spicy crispy cucumber: it's gonna be a no for me. Too sweat for my liking -Dan dan noodles: must get! So delicious and great portion size -Lo mein: passable. Not bad, but you can get this anywhere -Mung bean noodle in black bean sauce: so delicious! another classic Szechuan dish -Cold noodle with chili oil: awesome, but I prefer the dan dan noodles -String beans with minced pork: another standard, can't go wrong dish -Eggplant with garlic sauce: standard, can't go wrong -Mapo tofu: standard, can't go wrong -Pickled vegetable with fish (soup): seriously such an underrated item here. LOVE  As for the entrees, it's kind of hard to differentiate when you look at it on the menu, but they're actually all quite different. If it's your first time here, I recommend getting the dry pot style or cumin style! Those 2 are definitely my favorites.   Han Dyansty is pretty bad about honoring reservation times, and the chances are that you'll likely end up sitting very close to another party; however, the food and overall lively ambiance is well worth it!
5 I was lucky enough to grab a table here on a super busy Friday night and I had the best experience. The food was incredibly delicious. So much flavor and so many wonderful options. I have not had the chance to go back yet but I am looking forward to my next meal at Han Dynasty. The service was welcoming and super super fast! Every dish came within 10 minutes of ordering and it was just amazing! I would highly recommend this restaurant. Cannot wait to go back!
4 The food was delicious, hands down. We ordered the dan dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil, mapoo tofu, and beef dry pot. My favorite was the dan dan  noodles; the sauce is thicker than I imagined. The spice level said hot, but it wasn't bad at all  (note: I LOVE spicy food and can bear a high threshold). I would go back when I need some comfort food.
3 dan dan noodles were extremely disappointing. not spicy at all, starchy and distinct nutty flavor, and not enough meat. the only highlight is the sauce the chicken fried dumplings came with because they added much needed flavor to the dumplings.
4 Stumbled upon this place, and I'm so happy I did. You get hot tea the second you sit down. The food was declined and I highly recommend this place if you are looking for delicious food.  Only issue was the setup of the tables. I had to get up three times for the people next to me to move. My chair was touching the chair behind me. Otherwise, totally worth it.
5 Delicious! I look forward to eating here every time I'm in New York. I had the steamed dumplings in chili oil, Dan dan noodles and the tofu entree in garlic sauce. Good portion sizes and quick service. The place is a bit cramped and can get loud.
3 The chicken lo mein was pretty good but the chicken fried rice was pretty much just white rice with vegetables
5 Sat at the bar, became friends with bartender... had shots with bartender.  Ordered lots of noodles.  Left very happy.
5 Han Dynasty has been a staple of my lunch option ever since I started working around here in Union Sq. I quite enjoy their Spicy Szechuan lunch menus and so far none of them has disappointed me.   I've also gotten take outs here after ordering through their own online website, its a bit shame that they're not part of Grubhub but in the 3-4 times I've ordered here they never have gotten my order incorrectly. The food is always ready before the time they quoted and still very warm by the time I walked to my office.  This latest time I tried both their Cumin Chicken and Dry Pepper Chicken. Both are really quite a economical meal at around $10 each. The portions were quite decent certainly enough for a single person for a very heavy lunch. I quite like how they allow you to choose the spiciness of the dishes right on line from scale of 1 - 10 definitely very helpful to those like me that can't handle very spicy foods.  Since their orders were always ontime I never had to wait when I go pick up my order and the hostess has always greeted me quite nicely making the whole experience very pleasant. The food is very authentic and not overly salty and I look forward to coming here quite regularly in the future.
3 I have a love/hate relationship with Han Dynasty. On the love side, the pork belly in chili oil, beef and tripe in chili oil, and wontons in chili oil (yes, I do love chili oil) are the stuff of my dreams. Haven't found a place yet that does any of those dishes better. The eggplant in garlic sauce is also one of my favorites, although I prefer the iteration at The Bao.   But dear god, the SERVICE. In the three times I've been to Han Dynasty, at least one of our dishes has been forgotten, every time. The hostess always misquotes the wait times. The waitstaff is generally confused, and takes an eternity to bring over the check. I don't expect the greatest service ever from a Chinese restaurant in the East Village, but some competency would at least be nice.   I've tried a bunch of other dishes here at this point and none blew me away. Felt like the famed dan dan noodles were inedible (and they came out 30 minutes after all our other food). Also, they play the worst music here at very loud volumes, so you feel like you're trapped in a club from the mid-2000s. At my last dinner there, this past Sunday, they played LMFAO's "Sexy and I Know It." Just -- why?
4 Han Dynasty is a classic Szechuan place in East Village catering to spice seekers, with trademark dishes like dry pot and tripe in chili oil alongside more tame lo mein and fried rice options.  One of my friends raves about this place and has ordered their wings literally dozens of times on Caviar, so my boyfriend and I made our first visit a couple months ago.  Dan dan noodles ($9) were disappointing-- oily, only a few bits of pork, and not very spicy. Overall plain. Dumplings in chili oil ($8) were unmemorable. I didn't feel like their indications of spice were all that accurate.  Dry pepper chicken wings ($11) were the best of what we had. Great wings and perfect level of spice. I'd come back for these alone (or simply order in). Addictive.  The atmosphere is middle of the road; I like the lighting and there's a nice buzz from the crowd. Asian lagers are reasonably priced. Service was quick.  Overall I wasn't wowed by my first visit but I'll give them a few more tries as there must be some secret sauce here.
4 The Philadelphia chain now has 2 locations in NYC! Our go to spot for only 1 thing: Dan Dan Noodles. I am yet to encounter a spot in the city with such a good option for Dan Dan.  Also, other notable things are cumin fries & eggplant in garlic sauce. Being a vegetarian, Han Dynasty always has plenty of options and is accomodating to most requests.  Giving it 4-stars coz there is a little inconsistency at times in the taste in terms of spice level and the right balance of ingredients, never in quality though.
3 I'm not entirely sure why this place is popular. But honestly I wasn't impressed by the food for the price paid. We ordered Dan Dan noodles, cumin lamb, chili pickled fish and a string bean cold appetizer.   Dan Dan noodles tasted significantly different from the ones I had in China (it's a very common sichuan street food). Not sure if it's because there's too much ma jiang? The fish dish was not even close to what it's supposed to be like... They added a lot of starch to the soup which was really weird...The string bean and lamb dish were good but basic.   Free rice and complimentary tea was nice. Service was good and fairly quick.
4 Love this spicy, authentic Chinese food. They'll make adjustments for different food preferences too. Wish the noodle dishes were bigger, but I still come here regularly.
4 I've been here a number of times for lunch, mostly on cold days.  On those days I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup.  It truly hit the spot and warmed me up.  The braised beef noodle soup is also very good.  The décor is pretty nice.  The place can get loud during lunch, but not overly so.  Basically, the place is bustling, which isn't a bad thing at all.  And despite the hustle and the bustle, service was pretty good.  I have to try the other dishes, especially the spicy wontons, which I see have some good reviews.  This is definitely a great place to stop by!
5 Excellent Chinese food that stands above the rest. Menu features a fun and atypical selection of dishes that force you to order more than you can handle -- a good problem at a good restaurant. Quick service and reasonably priced, making you wait to to come back for more even in a competitive neighborhood like the East Village where there are plenty of great alternatives. Keto-friendly options as well! Have returned since and dined at the Dekalb market location.
1 Quality and food taste have declined.   And, the young lady who runs the hostess stand is quite rude.     When ordering carry out, be prepared to wait 20-30 minutes beyond the promised "ready" time.
5 Met up here with a friend for dinner. Came around 6 and both of us were seated immediately which was a pleasant surprise. I enjoyed the atmosphere of this place, but keep in mind it may get a little loud as it gets busier. The server was extremely patient and helpful in explaining the menu items. My friend and I both ordered the dan dan noodles--I got mine without the meat because vegetarian. This was surprisingly my first time having dan dan noodles and omg I was so impressed! I usually never manage to finish a whole serving but I scarfed these noodles down cuz they were that good. The portion was plenty for the price, especially for New York standards. Overall, great experience and great food. Most definitely will be coming back!
1 Great place for Western taste. Not authentic. Who gives half a slice of bok choy in beef noodle soup? Transplant from Philly which has terrible Chinese food. Probably great for Philly but mediocre for NYC.  In NYC there are so many great choices which are so much better and reasonably priced. Caters to NYU students from Midwest who don't know better. My review is based on 3-4 visits not one time.
5 Amazing Szechuan food. Don't let the neon sign outside fool you (it is casual, but my favorite Szechuan spot in nyc). My favorite dishes are the Dan Dan noodles and the dry pepper chicken (small pieces of fried chicken with hot red peppers). Scallion pancakes are also great. Their drinks are also fun and delicious. I love the cocktail that comes in a gold plated pineapple glass! The one downside is that they don't take reservations and it's quite busy after 6:30pm on weekends. If you have a group I'd come a bit on the earlier side to beat the crowd (6pm). If it's just 2 people the wait time should be less than being with a group. If you like Szechuan food this is a must-try!
4 It's very hard to find a good Sichuan-type place West Coast but I was able to fulfill some cravings while I was here.  They do a wicked spicy wanton, but their spicy dumplings are equally good!  I came here mostly to take some spicy wantons back for the SO when I got back West, but I thoroughly enjoyed their food as well.  I would say I didn't get anything I thought was too spicy and I couldn't handle.  For that, I'd say it's a bit Westernized, but I think the chef is still quite skilled in making the meats tender and the veggies savory with the flavors of Sichuan for the NY crowd.  I also bought it to-go, so I'm sure the food would have been even better, piping hot in the restaurant.  I'd definitely be back next time I'm in the city.  The wait was long enough for me to go grab some boba and come back and wait some more to pick up the food.  Ambience is low lighting and open space, which makes me think more casual dates and small friend groups of 3-6.
1 This is my 3rd time ordering and the last. My dumplings and noodles were miserable. Chili oil is 2 bucks and has no chili. The Lo Mein has  no flavor and the dumplings arrived fried instead of steamed - all so greasy for a mere 24 bucks plus tip. Really? Never again. Not sure what the attraction is.
5 The hostess Mandy is incredibly welcoming and kind. Came with a party of 8 and she made sure we had a fantastic time! Overall great service and amazing food
5 My go to for chinese food. Love everything I've tried here but my go to's are dry pepper chicken, double cooked pork, and cabbage with dry chilli peppers. The cabbage is exceptional even though it sounds so simple. Come here if you wanna get your szechuan food fix.
5 The best. So good. This is the best location in New York. Try the one in Philly. The Chili dumplings and cucumbers are a must!
5 i crave their dan dan throughout the week (i ask for it to be made vegetarian). i've also never been here without getting their crispy cucumbers (because after trying them once i was hooked!). i've also tried a number of their entrees and my fave is probably the hot sauce tofu. all their food is incredibly flavorful and a lot of the entrees are very heavy on the garlic (which i also adore) but i guess this could be a bad thing if you're on a date or you're about to be in tight quarters with others (sorry to the people that have been seated next to me at the theatre after i've eaten here!). i've got my friend hooked on this place too and it's quickly becoming a tradition that whenever he visits from baltimore we eat dan dan here.
5 This place looks like an east village dive bar from the 90's but this place is far from it!!! We ordered the stir fry asparagus, awesome crunchy and still Kept the same green color! The chicken was spicy and well flavored!! Great place for authentic food!
1 My family, and I have been going to this location since they opened . The food, and service has fallen drastically in the last 3 months.   We used to come here 2-3 times a month, and in the last 3 months food isn't cooked like it used to be. Constant mistakes, and food isn't what it used to be. Hopefully they'll get back to what they used to be. Until then I'll have to look else where for my spice fix.
5 Best spicy Chinese food in the city, with very fast service. Wish they took reservations but they are too popular for reservations to make a difference. Lamb and noodles are fantastic. Chicken in garlic sauce is good too.
2 Not impressed today with this place. They got everything wrong. I ordered a veggie soup yet it showed up with egg and chicken in it. My friend ordered fried fish yet it's nearly all breading and almost no fish. We order scallion pancakes and it never arrived. The waitress rolled her eyes at us when I politely complained. And 10$ for veggie fried rice that was nothing more than white rice with a few peas and carrots. Not impressed and will not be back.
5 This is the exact Chinese food that I always crave. It has authentic Chinese food. Also the food glistens. Once you look past the copious amounts of oil you're about to ingest you get a mouthful of some of the most delicious Chinese food you will ever taste.   We had eggplant, hot sauce beef, double fried pork belly, and scallion pancakes. Everything was phenomenal. The scallion pancakes were the perfect mix of crispy and soft. The pork belly was thin and tender. The eggplant was seasoned perfectly. I wasn't a huge fan of the hot sauce beef but it was still solid. There was a mess up with our order and we didn't get a chance to have the kung pao chicken but that doesn't stifle my opinion.  I walked 45 minutes in the rain to eat at Han Dynasty. It was well worth it and I would highly recommend it for Chinese food in New York.
3 First time at Han Dynasty and surprisingly I went to the NY spot rather than of the Philly locations.  We went with a group of five on a Friday and managed to squeeze in a table; we got very lucky as the restaurant was absolutely packed. They squished us into a four seater table which wouldn't have been an issue, but the table next to us also had five people. This led to some awkward brush ups and menus falling off of tables.  The waitress didn't really seem to care about our order, but the hostess seating us immediately somewhat made up for that.  The food was pretty good. We got the dan dan noodles, the string beans, the dry pepper chicken, and the wontons in chili oil. All of it was delicious and I would recommend ordering that family style for a large group.   In retrospective, I would rather order take out from Han Dynasty then actually eat in. The food is good, but you can skip the service altogether.
5 This restaurant is worth the hype. It is always packed around dinner time. They now let you put your name on the waitlist virtually which is great, but the time estimate wasn't accurate so be prepared to wait a bit anyways. The inside has tables stacked closely together with some of the tables being shared tables.  We were a group of four and shared a whole bunch of things. To start, we got dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, pork buns and sesame noodles. We LOVED all three but our favorite was the sesame noodles. These had great flavor and just the right spice level. We all had various levels of spice tolerance, so next we a few dishes that were varying in spice level. We got the scallion pork, the Kung pao chicken, and dry pepper shrimp. The scallion pork and Kung pao chicken were great. The Kung pao chicken was my favorite of the two. I didn't try the dry pepper shrimp because it was supposed to be crazy spicy, but others liked it too!  They had a small beer and wine selection that does the trick. Price is very reasonable. Definitely a good spot for Asian food!
5 Omg!!! Best Dan Dan noodles everrr!!! Dumplings in chili sauce to die for! Loove this place. Visiting from FL and we had to come twice during our one week visit. So delicious!
3 The string beans with pork were a joke, less than a tablespoon of pork and a pound of green beans, the pork belly dish was basically sautéed sliced bacon, not a slab like we expected, no charring just doused in salty liquid and there were no sauces on the side, like hot sauces, soy sauce, nothing, but lots of white rice, which is cheap and costs them pennies, will not order from them again, that was 44.00 for what one person could eat, small portions
3 Food was okay, not sure what all the hype is about. I ordered the garlic chicken but it was a bit hard to chew. It's not that big of place either and is usually crowded. The servers were nice and accommodating though!
5 Cute little spot in the city. I ordered the chicken Lo Mein! All I have to say is AMAZING food. I do not typically like Chinese food however, the food was really good. There wasn't a lot of grease from the food and there was a lot of flavor. Only downfall is the space is a little tight. I was very close to the party next to me. Good service, I will go back again!
5 This place was my introduction to Sichuan style hot pot dishes. I have been to Han Dynasty in Philly and the NYC/NYU location several times. The NYC location is a mostly no frills basic decor place with fast and attentive service and good food.
2 I had a horrible experience with the customer service at Han Dynasty. It started when I called to make an order, and I asked which dish would be similar to a general tso, basically anything pan fried with sauce. The man on the line (Harrison F) was extremely rude, and told me that Han Dynasty only specializes in authentic Chinese food and that I should find a more Americanized Chinese restaurant down the street. He also instructed me to look at the menu before calling, even though I was reading the menu as I called. I understand the care the restaurant takes in ensuring authentic Chinese cuisine, which I really appreciate, but I simply was asking a question about the menu, and was not expecting such condescending response.   I ordered the Dry Pepper Style Chicken, but then realized that that was not what I wanted, so I called back to change my order but no one picked up. After about 20 rings, I decided to go to the restaurant (which is about a 2 minute walk from me) to change my order in person. When I asked to switch to the Kung Pao Chicken, Harrison and another woman working told me there was no way to change the order because it was already made. I told them that I called multiple times and no one picked up, and they responded by telling me that something must be wrong with my phone. I was extremely angry, and decided to order dumplings in addition to the chicken because I deserved it at that point.     In the end, I ended up waiting around 15 minutes for the food, and did not get a single refund from the employees. This was a Sunday night, (apparently one of their busiest nights) and it was obvious that other people noticed the poor service because they were receiving complaints from the diners. I paid $26.02 for a meal I did not want completely, and only got a half-assed apology from the staff. The dumplings were good, and the chicken was alright, but it just was not what I wanted. I am usually a patient person and do not usually write reviews, but this was too horrible of an experience to pass. Han Dynasty is good, but really not worth it. There are better places with much better service and better prices. I will not be returning again. Below I have attached a photo of the call log.
5 We had a wonderful experience at this restaurant! They were accommodating to our larger group of 6, the service was friendly and personable, and the food was phenomenal. We ordered everything family style and shared it, absolutely no one in our group was disappointed or left hungry! Highly recommend
4 Came here on a Friday night at around 8 and had to wait around 35 minutes for a table. Luckily they had some seats at the bar area for us to sit at inside while we waited.  The dan dan noodles were just ok. This is the first time I ordered them from here but they were a little too peanuty and lacked flavor. Also the noodles were slightly too cooked for my liking. I would skip this and order some of the other dishes.   I was also slightly disappointed by the dry pepper chicken this time. It wasn't as crispy as I remember it and it seemed a little thrown together. Still very good but not as good as I've had it at other places.  String beans and fish in spicy sauce were bomb though!
3 Walking by this restaurant many time, always curious in there, from day and night there are always crowded and noisy, unlike the next doors Chinese joints this place are full of locals, I mean more western faces than just Asian faces.  Today at lunch we decided to give it a try. Around 12:30pm was supposed the peek of serving time, we got a only table that was left. Serving by English speaking servers, foods we ordered were somewhat similar to traditional Chinese dishes. The spice fish filet came with 4 pieces off the lunch menu, deep fried, and on the greasy side, pork belly slice were also ok. In all just average place, $$ signs, on the pricy side, place is very noisy. there are two more chines restaurants back to back, if I have to choose for flavor, authenticity, that place would be on my 3rd last option.
3 I came here with a friend on a weekday night, and it was packed! I was also expecting people who speak Chinese (since it's a Chinese restaurant), but it wasn't that way which surprised me. We were seated right away, but the restaurant was mostly full when we arrived. Anyway, we ordered a dan dan noodle and a water boiled fish, and the dishes came out relatively quickly. The noodles were way too soft for the dan dan noodle, and there was a really heavy peanut taste and not spicy enough. The water boiled fish (which came with rice) was pretty good but the dish was small for the high price. The fish was quite soft and tasty, and the flavor was great. Lots of oil, though I guess that's quite normal for Szechuan food. High prices for average portions of food. Throughout our meal, we were interrupted with people next to us arriving and leaving, and because the tables were crammed so close together, we had to keep moving our table around to give people space to get to their seat. They have crammed way too many tables in the restaurant and we're uncomfortably close to the table next to us. Ambiance is also quite loud and not really inductive to having a conversation.
5 Han Dynasty is possibly my favourite Chinese restaurant in the city, it's certainly my favourite Sichuan and the place I head to whenever I need a good hit of chili! The decors a little generic (they have a 'Cocktails and Dreams' neon sign behind the small bar) but the servers are always friendly and food comes out fast as and when it's ready. They have a pretty good range of beers and wines and a weekday happy hour from 4-7. There's also a daily lunch menu which serves smaller individual portions of dishes on the regular menu, most lunch specials are around $10.00. I've enjoyed everything that I have eaten here, the dishes range from spicy to very spicy but none are taste bud numbingly spicy. Dishes  I particularly like include the Wontons in Hot Oil, Spicy Cucumber, Salt and Pepper Shrimp and all of the Dry Fried and Cumin dishes. Prices are very reasonable for the quality of the food. I even like the complimentary tea here which is much better than the tea served in many other Chinese restaurants. Han Dynasty rocks!
4 The place was hopping in a weekend night, with a wait if about twenty minutes for two, longer for larger parties, and two might still end up at the bar. The service was friendly, given the craze. The bartender seemed to take his job seriously, and some drinks involves fresh fruit and a muddler. My friend and I tried fried rice and Lo Leon, and both were good, if a bit too salty, definitely not beyond edible, although I couldn't eat that much salt regularly. They provided a pot of tea included, so that helped. There are other Chinese places within a half block that were nearly empty, so Han Dynasty must have some sort of cache I didn't know about when I found it on yelp when I looked for Chinese food near union square, but I'd go back or recommend it.
4 Solid casual and authentic Szechuan restaurant in East Village. Food is great, and the place is non-pretentious and very affordable. One of the go-to restaurants for Chinese food for sure
2 Han Dynasty was always a no brainer when it came to Chinese food, but yesterday the service was questionable at best.   We got the food served in reverse order, started with Dan Dan noodles followed by Dimsums in chili oil and scallions pancakes in the end.   The gentleman next to us was left eating beans and rice for 25 mins, before being told that the dish he had asked for wasn't available at the moment. Bro got burnt on his date, sympathizes to him.   Will have to scout a new go-to Chinese place.
5 Obsessed. I get regular cravings for their chili oil dumplings seriously addicted since trying them ! food is consistently great and the place is always packed
1 The shrimp Lo mein had about 5 shrimp and limp noodles with weak flavor.  The garlic tofu was bad - the tofu looked and tasted frozen made with a cookie cutter - tasteless, the sauce was not fresh - premade and not genuine ingredients.  First and last time there.  it is amazing how so many posts claim this food is good  - if you eat here you are throwing your good money to the wind.
5 Went there for a drink, and it was amazing coming back to try the menu as it looks yummy!!!
4 Ordered a on random weekday and it was prepared so quickly. The Dan Dan noodles were a bit too salty for me but all the other dishes we ordered were great. They do Szechuan really well! One star off for their service/attitude though.
4 Ordered Han Dynasty on a Wednesday night to-go. Ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and the Taiwanese Sausage Rice Noodles. To be honest, I made a mistake and thought I ordered Taiwanese Sausage Fried Rice, but I didn't look carefully enough.  Food was prepared pretty quickly, and I picked up within 20 minutes. The Dan Dan Noodles were just as good as I remember from the 7-8 times I've been to Han Dynasty in Philly, and the Taiwanese Sausage Rice Noodles was pretty disappointing. The Rice Noodles didn't have much flavor to them aside from the sausage, so I ended up not even finishing the dish the next day.   Would probably go back again for the Dan Dan Noodles or one of the main entrees, but for this review, I'd have to say the Dan Dan Noodles were a 5/5 and the Taiwanese Sausage Rice Noodles were a 2 or 3 out of five. Service was quick, so Han Dynasty deserves a 4/5 for my experience here!
4 Dan Dan noodles were great, but mapo lacked spice. Next time I would ask for 10/10 spicy instead of the default 7/10
4 So simple yet so delicious. The dan dan noodle oozed with flavor and spices. The standard spicy level for the Dan Dan noodles were 6 but I asked if they could make it an 8 and they said yes. Oh boy I love a good challenge with spicy food and this for sure gave me a good challenge. The Taiwan sausage was also very flavorful. I can't wait to come back and try more stuff on the menu. Service was decent and not too attentive.
5 This is a highly rated restaurant on Yelp for a reason, it's great. For most American fans of Chinese food this may be too spicy for your taste, but if you've been to China or grew up around the numbingly hot (又麻又辣）flavors in Sichuan style food then this is the place for you. I got wontons in Chili Oil and Dry Pepper Chicken. The wontons were good, standard for a sichuan style wonton. The chicken on the other hand was excellent, crispy, hot, and flavorful. I wouls definetly reccomend this place.
5 Omg everything I got was awesome .. scallion pancakes, dumplings in chili oil, and kung pao chicken yummm definitely coming back .. and dont even get me started on the speedy gonzalez service lol. Highly recommended!
4 I really enjoyed my meal at Han Dynasty, but would probably be hesitant to come by on Friday evening again for dinner as it gets soooo crowded, with a line snaking out the front door to put names in for tables. We were lucky enough to be able to get a reservation, but the servers were constantly letting us know we had to be out of there by a certain time. They were nice about it, but it did make the dining experience slightly stressful. I hear they do a quick and efficient delivery, so that might be the way to go!   As for the food, I really enjoyed almost everything we had -- and we had a LOT! Among the standouts were the dan dan noodles (which they kindly made in both spicy and mild versions), the sesame noodles, the dry fried shrimp and fish, and the pea shoots. Wow! We also had plenty of other goodies that I don't usually try like beef tendon, ma po tofu, and a garlicky beef dish that was wonderful as well.   The staff is very busy and frazzled, but they didn't forget anything and they were on top of it with things like drink orders, bagging up our leftovers, etc. I think they're used to being swamped most nights! Personally I'm going to avoid on busy days, but I would definitely recommend it otherwise!
5 I am ALL ABOUT this place.  I've eaten in at both normal times and in the middle of the night and I've ordered for delivery.  Every meal has been outstanding.  The dan dan noodles and wontons in chili oil are absolutely heavenly with just enough spice.  Service is always friendly and fast...the food comes out very quick.  You might have to wait for a table at peak dinner hours (and they won't seat without a complete party), but it is 100% worth it.  This is my favorite Asian food in the city.
4 Chicken wings and Dan Dan Noodles are the best also great late night place to eat!!!!
4 Great food. Ordered with door dash. Had the vegetable dan dan noodles and the Kung pao tofu. If you want spicy make sure to include it in the comments.
5 Very nice place !! Many thx ! Belgium beer the best !food very tasty.Soup very big !!!
4 I love this place. Understated restaurant atmosphere which is totally fine because they know what they are doing when it comes to the menu. The Dan Dan Noodles are delicious, highly recommended. We also tried the cumin beef and it was delicious. Be warned when they say "spicy" they mean it as they are very generous with the amount of chili peppers they include in some of the dishes. I will definitely be returning.
4 Location is good...near N.Y. U. Food is good. Verity choices. Since I don't like spicy and some food I ordered were non-Spicy. They are good.
5 Delicious food and a nice change of pace from standard Chinese menus. Lots of new flavors. Wonderful friendly service. Kid friendly but not overrun by kids. A go to for me and my family.
5 I've been here twice and I've had great experiences twice. The first time I went it was a Saturday around 9 or 10pm and we were seated immediately. The second time was a Sunday afternoon and although a little more crowded than the previous time we were still able to sit right away. I would eat the crispy rice every day it's so good. I will definitely keep coming back to Han Dynasty. Great food and good service
5 All I have to say is, CRISPY RICE! I didn't know what I was missing until I found you crispy rice. It was Asian food on the next level!  Such a cool atmosphere, very friendly and the food was phenomenal. I had the Chicken Lo Mein as well, so fresh, the noodles had so much flavor and we were able to share one dish with 2 ppl which is great for my tiny tummy.  Overall a great experience and I would def return for that rice!
2 Not sure why so popular :) Food was a bit over cooked. But in any case the taste is far from a good traditional Szechuan restaurant.
5 I came here with my girlfriend on a Thursday for dinner. Be warned that Han Dynasty, at least this location, does not take reservations for parties of 2, but Adam, the manager, was able to get us a table in ~15 min. Han Dynasty has a great vibe, it attracts a lively good looking crowd of people. Han Dynasty is definitely great for:  * Dates * Get togethers * Lunches and dinners  When my girlfriend came we ordered two dishes and found them to be very filling. We really enjoyed the Dry Pepper Style Shrimp, which was delectably fried and well seasoned with pepper and ginger. We also ordered a Dry Pot Style Chicken which had a great mix of vegetables and chicken, a rare find at any Chinese places.   The staff is very attentive, Adam is a great manager and is very helpful. Definitely coming back to eat here!
1 Why so many reviews about this restaurant when there was nobody except one other table when I entered during lunch time. There must be bunch of restaurant related employees who added up the number of reviews because this Chinese reataurant's food was one of the worst food I have ever had.  All unbearably salty and drenched in msg. The plastic water cup had a dried up food particle stuck when the waitress brought it to me.   I went here because I was craving a Sichuan and Han Dynasty had a lot of reviews.  This was a big mistake.
3 Ok so this place was packed so you know that it was always gonna be legit. Once we entered the room we noted that there was a distinct lack of Chinese diners. Nonetheless, we got stuck in to sesame noodles which were good, chilli oil dumplings were average and the fried rice was also just OK. Tight space and you are really crammed in. Better for take out
5 What can I say about the Han?!? I fooking love this place. It's my staple when I want to go somewhere where I actually enjoy the food. The cumin lamb makes me cumin my mouth, the Dan Dan noodles are magical, the pea shoots are divine, and overall I'm always happy when I leave.
4 Yes! Yes! Yes! Fantastic, authentic and good value. Delicious food, packed with flavor. I had the ma po tofu. They make it correct here with the appropriate amount of heat from the numbing Szechuan peppercorns. Oh soooooo good. I can live in this stuff. Two in my party ordered crispy rice entree with shrimp. The shrimps were huge and plentiful. Other dishes from noodles to beef with garlic sauce were right in. Spicy Lotus cocktail was also fantastic as well as the non alcoholic mango mojitos. Only criticism is that the service was spotty, however once order was placed, our did came incredibly fast.
3 For the price, Han Dynasty is a good choice to satisfy the Chinese craving. The Kung Pao chicken, while there wasn't much chicken in each bite, was breaded and seasoned well and the rice noodles was a "can't go wrong," option: I would highly suggest the dumplings in Chili oil as an appetizer to share.
5 OMG the hype here is so real!!! I love szechuan food & I loved everything my friends and I ordered. We ordered so. much. food. And our bill only came out to $29 including tip & tax. It would definitely be cheaper if we didn't order an obscene amount of food. Came with a group of 3 on a Friday night around 7:30 and did not have to wait more than 10 minutes. The interior is very low key and chill, but the smells inside the restaurant are amazing!!!   Highlights have to be the Dan dan noodles, the string beans, the beef cooked in the soupy oil, the pan fried dumplings, and the cold pork belly in chili oil! Absolutely amazing. Spicy & flavorful & not too pricey. Think you also get unlimited white rice with your meal as well. I rarely return to a restaurant in NYC more than once, but i will 100% be a regular at this place.
4 The Dan Dan Noodles here is the best I can have in NYC. Most of the food are spicy and the menu will show the spicy level.
5 There's no place like home...I mean Han...there's no place like Han. I am here at least once a week. If I don't get my Han fix, I get twitchy.... I loooove the wings, scallion pancakes, snow pea leaves, stewed eggplant, mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, hot style beef, cumin tofu, hot style fish... When I go solo or for lunch it is very hard for me to choose just one item (besides the wings)  Goooo try it all
1 I have eaten here a couple of times and food here is pretty good. The reason for the low score is because of food contamination. The patron next to me ordered something of the menu, tasted it and returned it. I happened to order the same thing 5 minutes later, and the waiter has the audacity to bring the same plate out (I was 100% sure because I saw him ask the other waitress where she had left the plate and it was cold when he brought it out again). I confronted them and they gave some bull shit reason and that it was a mistake. I'm not sure about you, but if this is the shit they are pulling when you can see them, not sure what else goes on in back of the kitchen. I won't be coming back here - neither should you. I'll be writing to the health department.
5 Tastiest Szechuan food ever. Enjoyed Dan Dan Noodles, eggplant with garlic sauce, homestyle tofu, dry pepper shrimp and spicy peanuts.
5 Packed restaurant, excellent food and great mojitos. Definitely coming back to Han Dynasty!!
5 They are busy that means food is good. We were a party of three and shared table with two other groups. I didn't mind since we were seated immediately. We had Dan Dan noodles, pepper shrimp and chicken wings. Everything tasted excellent. Will definitely come back for more.
5 This place was amazing. Best Asian I've ever found in the United States. Been to both locations in Manhattan and they are both great. Wonderful chefs, lovely atmosphere, and excellent service. This is a must visit and it'll become your new go to place.
4 Han Dynasty is a Sichuan restaurant that got its start in Philadelphia, where I went to college. I frequented their location just off campus at least a dozen times, and have held out hope that their New York locations would be just as good. Sadly that is not the case.  Do not get me wrong, this location is still quite good. The menu is somewhat condensed, but still features many of the hits that kept me coming back to that other location. My favorite appetizers and non-spicy entrees are the wontons in chili oil, three cup chicken, and of course the dan dan noodles.   As for the spicy entrees, it is very much a matter of personal taste. I like spicy fish, so I always get the dry pot style fish. Served on a mini wok, it is rated a 10/10 on Han Dynasty's spice scale, which brings me to my main criticism of this restaurant. The 10 is only mildly spicy, probably a 6/10 at the Philadelphia location. Even upon request, the spice level has some sort of ceiling here that simply will not be exceeded. As I am a spice lover, this is a shortcoming that I just cannot overlook. Otherwise, I would be dining here every other week.  With great service and solid food, Han Dynasty is one of the better restaurants in East Village. If you like Sichuan food but are okay with a lower spice level, this is the place for you. More likely than not, you will have some leftovers to take home and trust me, there are no better leftovers than those from a Sichuan restaurant.
5 I was walking tirelessly down 3rd ave with no destination in mind, just doing my daily power walk. I was struck with hunger and fatigue, my hunger grew with each step I took. I found myself in front of Han Dynasty. I'm a big fan of schezuan food so I took it as a sign and stepped inside.  Place was pretty empty so I was seated immediately. I was brought over some tea and a menu. They had a large selection of food that I wanted to try but I settled with the Cumin lamb and told them to make it extra spicy.  The spice packed a punch and wasn't overbearing. I thought there was so much flavor! Very authentic food and friendly staff.  The lamb was perfect good portion size too. A little costly at roughly $21 but that was probably the only downside to this visit.
5 Got lucky on this one. Was able to get a table during a walk in around 6:30. The restaurant was packed but we landed the last 2 seats. The atmosphere was vibrant, clean and the noise level was not so loud that you had to shout to your company.  The menu contained a good selection of options with spice levels ranging from 1-10. The staff also adjusted the spice level on our request. The staff we're all friendly and met all of our needs from ordering appetizers to paying the bill. Water glasses never ran empty and dirty plates never say on the table.  The food was awesome. Every dish was prepared with care and was pleasing to the eyes, nose and pallet. The plates all arrived at our table at the perfect temperatures.  I was really impressed with all aspects if Han Dynasty and will make it a point to visit again.
5 Authentic szechuan food, fun atmosphere, quick service. Fan of the dry pepper chicken, eggplant, and cumin fries! Make sure you talk to the owner when you get a chance; she is very fun and all her children are doing amazing things!
3 The food here is pretty good but the service is abysmal.  Recommended for take out but not recommended for eating at the restaurant.
4 pretty good all around. only one complaint is that some of the dishes were really salty, which is to be expected from szechuan food i guess
3 After a tiring trip from montauk , back to nyc where I was staying in the upper west side ; I was not in the mood for anything fancy but wanted Szechuan cuisine for whatever reason so I settled for han Dynasty as it was very close on 85 street and broadway  and it had decent reviews   We were seated immediately  The place is nicely furnished with wooden floors but a little dark giving it a rather impersonal atmosphere given the large size of the room  It was certainly not full and the customers don't linger as the atmosphere is not warmly inviting  But hey I was here for a quick Chinese spicy meal and not for a "romantic candlelight " dinner The service is courteous and fast  We were served a complimentary teapot of nice jasmin tea I ordered 2 classics Dan Dan noodles ( $8)and mapo tofu ($15) -The Dan Dan noodles were tasty  but were drowned in the strong peanut flavored sauce that was a little watery  I am not a Chinese noodle specialist but these noodles looked more like classic Italian spaghetti ; maybe that's how it should be but I was expecting more chewy noodles  -the mapufofu was too salty ; I did feel the numbing effect of the sczechuan peppercorn but it was also too oily for me The accompanying rice was complementary Altogether not bad but not special either : 3 middle of the road stars!
4 Scallions pancake and fried gyoza are very good! Dishes have very good taste and service is fast, however this Chinese food is cooked with a lot of fat.
4 We were on a group of five on a Saturday night. A bit later than standard dinner time (930ish), so no wait at all. Staff was very friendly. Gluten-free options are available. I tried the dumplings in chili oil, the Dan Dan noodles and the Kung Pao chicken, all of which were very good. I really appreciated that they have the levels of spice well detailed. They were also very accommodating with the specific dietary requests of some of the people in our party. I would definitely go back! One comment: Latin music way too loud, makes conversation difficult... Not sure it makes sense in a restaurant setting.
3 The food is good but never expected to be requested 18% tips for a dish to go.
4 Pretty solid Szechuan food. It gets pretty loud and the tables are pretty close to each other to prepare to get to know your neighbor who is eating next to you. The dry pepper chicken was yummy and crispy, also the fish and tofu is a classic!
5 Could have better things to say about his location and the cherry hill, no location! Amazing food, you can order any dish at any spicy level. I love the garlic cucumbers and dry pot style chicken! Drinks are great as well.
4 Typical American Chinese food,good non the less. But the bartender was great went on a Saturday night. He could make any drink you wanted and all came out perfect and delicious.  He made sure we were having a great time and was very attentive.  The place was packed but everyone was having a great time felt like a small speakeasy
4 What a gem this place is. Very similar to the upper west side one. Get the double cooked pork belly and any dish of the dry pot. Great food and environment
1 The only reason I gave this restaurant 1 star is because it's impossible to give anything lower. It doesn't even deserve a fraction of a star, based on my experience.  I wish I could comment on the actual food or service at this restaurant. However, my friends and I did not even get a chance to dine here. The staff carelessly gave our table away to another party that had entered the establishment at least 15 minutes after we did, and after we had already put our name down on the list (our place on the list had been confirmed twice). Please continue reading for details.  I entered the restaurant around 5:45 pm on a Sunday. As I was the only one out of my 5-person party there, I could not be seated. So, I added my name to the list, so that as soon as the rest of my group arrived, we could be seated (given there was a table).  Five minutes later, the rest of my party showed up, and we went to alert the staff, so that we could be seated. Right in front of us were 3 small tables, each of which was able to seat 2 people. The hostess saw that 2 out of those 3 tables (4 out of the 6 seats) were free, and the last table at the end was occupied by 2 people who were clearly finishing up. The hostess confirmed that we could have the 6-person table once those 2 people finished up.  Several minutes later, another member of the staff called us back in (we had been waiting outside) and asked us to "check out a table" that they were hoping to seat us at. Of course, as this sounded suspicious, we had a feeling that there was now an issue. There was--the staff had blatantly messed up and given the table that they promised us to another couple (mind you, it was a table that could fit 6 people, and they gave it to a 2 person party). The hostess trying to mitigate mentioned that since they had already seated the couple, they weren't able to move them to another table, as they had already started serving them (which frankly has nothing to do with myself, my friends, or the fact that the staff gave away a table they had already promised us). So, the only options were to 1) cramp into a small table that would not be able to comfortably fit all 5 of us, or 2) wait another ___ minutes for a proper 5 person table (mind you it is after 6 pm now and the restaurant is starting to fill up).   When I asked if we could be compensated in some way for this huge error (that was no one's fault but the restaurant staff's) if we did take the cramped table, I was told "You can either wait for another table, or leave." So guess what we did? We left.  We went next door to Hunan Bistro and it was the best decision I've made!! We were seated right away, the service was excellent and quick, and the food was delicious and reasonably priced. Please check out their Yelp page to see my glowing review.  So, before stepping foot into Han Dynasty, consider not even wasting your time and trying out Hunan Bistro!
4 We came here on a Thursday night at 9pm and the place was packed. I didnt know there was such love for Sichuan food around east village.   That said, I was the token asian person... at a Chinese restaurant in NYC. Kinda funny to see who actually likes this place.  Overall the food was done well, but a little weak on the spices. Salt level is also high.  I wasnt even sweating at 8/10 of their spicy level.  Food was slightly on the salty side. But like i said, prepared well nonetheless.  Things to get: sesame noodles, spicy dry fried fish. fish was crispy and not oily. The flavors were on point.  Things not to get: bok choy, eggplant. both were over priced and didnt look very good. Also, not on the salty side. The veggies were prepped well.  Service was fairly quick and the location was VERY loud for some reason.
5 Great great Chinese food!! We ordered the spring rolls, fried dumplings and vegetable lo Mein. It was all fantastic. The lo Mein was especially noteworthy because it wasn't greasy or oily - but still very flavorful. We were seated quickly and served very fast! The entire event took less than an hour we were so pleased. The staff was very friendly too! I will definitely be coming back here.
2 If you're an Asian restaurant, you should have Chicken Fried Rice nailed down. It should be the easiest dish to make on the menu because the cuisine has much more complicated dishes. But the chicken fried rice here is by far the worst thing I've ever tried. It wasn't cooked with soy sauce, which pretty much gives the dish life. Yeah, the other things on the menu might be good. But generally, this is such an easy dish and they completely failed at it. And they charged me $1 extra for hot sauce. Maybe put some flavor in it next time so I don't have to ask for hot sauce? Also, this place needs a major health inspection. 0/10
1 This restaurant is always crowded & the staff is very rude with people that pick up food for delivery my best suggestion is to eat early and on weekdays because weekends is a pure mess
1 Yelp is deceiving. It has 4 stars but I would give it zero if I could. The only good thing we got was the scallion pancake and I could make that if I wanted to. Our entrees were loaded with WAY too much garlic and weird spices. It was inedible and incredibly expensive for the worst chines food in New York City.
3 Come early, or expect a long wait The food here is pricey for what it is, but that is expected in Manhattan. The flavors of the food here is good in the beginning, but gets lost after several initial bites of it - it sort of fades out as the meal progresses; I've had better Szechuan elsewhere at comparable prices   I came here on a Friday night, and was quoted a 30 minute wait for a table of 4. Luckily it was a nice evening so we waiting outside the restaurant and was seated at 8:30pm. The entire time we were eating our meal, we were constantly being rushed in passive ways, including having the bill dropped onto our table while we were in the middle of scooping food into our mouths; not very subtle there. I looked around to see if we were the only ones being rushed, but it turns out others were receiving the speed eating treatment as well.   I understand that the goal here is to have a high turnover in order to get more customers in and our the door to generate revenue, but if I'm paying a premium at a modern/hipster-esq Chinese restaurant the least you could do is let me eat in peace, and allow me to ask for my bill. We ordered 5 dishes and 2 rice bowls, the bill came out to approx. $20 per person with tax and tip, and was out the door within 30 minutes, but not by choice.   I think because of this subpar dining experience I will most likely not be returning here.
4 Delicious mouth watering food!!!  The dry pepper entree ( we got the shrimp and the chicken dishes) is absolutely delicious. Everything we ordered came in great portions and was sooo tasty. This place gets really crowded so expect a wait time if you're visiting during peak hours. The service was extremely fast even though the place was packed.   This is a must-visit  if you like Szechuan food.
5 Came here for a late lunch and caught the tail end of the lunch special. Dan Dan noodles were so good. We loved the Kung pao chicken also. The food was amazing and service was awesome. Highly recommend!
1 Wish I could review this place on their food, but sadly it's on their crap service. Not sure who the guy who sits highly on his soap box is as a host, but he made every attempt to sound off his smart ass remarks when I was just making valid questions regarding their wait time. Literally any time I tried to explain my question he cut me off with an answer that didn't even apply. I get it. They're busy. But please save your smart ass responses for your friends and family, not for your job. Never coming back.
2 Food is very good here but they recently hired a guy (white blonde - describing him so you can avoid dealing with him) who is extremely rude and unprofessional.  They told us that it will take 45min for a table but we can wait at the bar. Then the guy came over to make us move from the bar because he wanted to sit some other people there. Advised him that the girl at the front told us to sit at the bar. His reply was "I dont CARE what she said you have to move or I will take you off the list completely"  It is sad that a place that has amazing food will lose customers because of this rude unprofessional person.
1 Terrible experience. I ordered for delivery and the person who took my ordered had no idea of what was going on and what I wanted. I ordered two items and they each come with rice but I told them instead of putting the two rice together in one container to separate the rice into two separate small containers. Not to mention, every time I ordered from them they never fill up the rice and it ends up being not enough rice for the food. Besides that fact, they ended up charging me an extra $2 for the rice not know what I wanted initially. So I called a few time trying to figure out what the price is and every time the price changed. This made me think that they may have charged more money else where on that order without customers know so they can make an extra quarter per order. Moral of the story is, if you go here make sure to calculate ur total because they are adding extra money onto ur order and sometimes u might not even know. If I could, I wouldn't even give this place 1 star because it tries to jip all their customers. For example, they charged me a delivery fee which I was ok with but it was 5.99 for delivery right next to the restaurant (Union Square) they when the next time I called they immediately changed it to 2.99 without saying anything, not even a sorry, because they knew they just made that price up and charged way too much for a location on Union square.
3 I like to mix it up and try new places when I can and today this place was close and convenient. Staff is friendly and prompt. The menu is a bit odd w. Certain flavors like black bean sauce listed w 3 price ranges.  (i.e. it's not your traditional Chinese restaurant w chicken and broccoli etc.)  Ordered 2 apps scallion pancake and spring rolls. The main course was chicken w black bean sauce. There was enough for 2 to share all that, plus take home some leftovers. This place is a little loud, with the NYU student spillover, and does have a small bar area, where I had seen a couple people eating there. At the end of the day, we got out of there for about $40, including tip, which is not too bad.  No fortune cookie?  The food just didn't blow me away.  Maybe for late night after partying, but in general, it's just general.
5 This place is by far, one of the best restaurants in the city - especially if you love Szechuan food. I've come here several times now and I am never disappointed. I'm a huge fan of the cumin style beef, dry pot chicken, and chili cucumbers. But in all honesty, everything is incredible here.
5 Incredible Dan Dan noodles in a casual setting. The dumplings are also great! Wait is long on the weekends as expected but worth it, and it's pretty budget friendly.
2 I found a huge worm in my chicken Pot dry style, the manager offered a weak apology, and did not charged my dish but he charged my friend's food. The entire experience was ruined after we found the bug, since we were sharing dishes. A good customer service should have not charged anything, so cheap from his side. We're not coming back after this, check your food before, unfortunately I didn't do a picture because I was so shocked and disgusted.
5 This is excellent food and is not lessened by being a chain!  I was a little worried about ordering their Kung Pao because I asked a server if it had wheat flour or just cornstarch, and he said he wasn't sure but he'd find out...and never came back.  But I didn't get sick.  The three-cup chicken was delicious.  I would never have guessed this but it is a mild, sweet dish with basil, glazed in a sauce.  The eggplant in garlic sauce is good, it's a fine lunch, as is the Kung Pao.  I just wish the portions were a little bigger, as they are small even for Manhattan standards.  We're not big eaters these days so it surprises me when one dish each isn't enough food to fill us up.  I ordered another dish along the lines of a kung pao or a chongqing chicken but I've forgotten the name, and it was very good as well, drier than the kung pao with a spicy taste and chopped up peppers.  I appreciate that no two dishes here taste the same, which tends to be a problem at both Chinese and Sichuan places.
4 I have been here a couple of times and the food is consistently good. Sometimes they are packed and getting your food can take awhile, but the service is good and if it isn't a popular time the food comes out quickly. I recommend the spicy cumin lamb, cumin fries and dan dan noodles, though I've liked most every dish I've tried. Be warned most dishes are very oily, but that is expected given the cuisine.
4 Ate here early on a Sunday night to avoid a long wait.  Dan DAN noodles and dumplings in chili oil are delicious and spicy as expected. Beef with long peppers, chicken with garlic sauce and tofu with black bean sauce were also all really good.  Minor complaints were vegetables were similar on all dishes ( mushrooms, peppers and onions) and service was a little rushed.  And my stomach is still feeling the spice hours later.
2 I normally love Han, but I ordered the Kung Pao chicken and it was more like a General Tso chicken with some peanuts given how HEAVILY breaded and FRIED it was.  Most Kung Pao is not heavily battered and fried like this (1000 extra calories and heavy as hell).    Also, a suggestion for wonton soup - for delivery put wontons on the side - they were so soggy after sitting in the hot soup for so long which really killed them.  Also paid no attention to my request for homemade hot mustard or chili oil.  I am a regular and this was a big fail for me today.
4 I came here for dinner on a Friday night after cruising Yelp. It was decent! I got the wontons, pork belly buns, and Dan Dan noodles. The wontons were really juicy and delicious, probably my favorite. The buns had really great pork belly and combined a lot of interesting flavor profiles. I think there was pickle relish in mine what whatt?? Loved it. Wasn't a big fan of the Dan Dan noodles though. They were dry! We ended up pouring our wonton sauce all over them to grease em up.
4 This was a tasty surprise! After wandering around Union SQ area for a place to eat Haan Dynasty caught our attention.  We walked in about 2:30 on a weekday and were seated immediately. The lunch menu was short, decent option though, and cheap. They ranged from $8.95 to $10.95. Being a student and all I opted for an $8.95 one, the dry pepper chicken. It was tasty, a decent portion size, and most importantly, it didn't leave me with that "why in heavens name did I eat that?" feeling I sometimes get after eating Chinese food.  The dishes have a little red number next to them, they range from 1-10 and they indicate the heat level of the dish. Mine was an 8, but I asked them to bring it down to a 6. It was still reasonably spicy, but complimented the dish well. I don't know if I would go spicier though.  All in all, I would def come back here for lunch or dinner. The wait staff were pleasant and the food was good. That's all I really need.
4 Great for lunch!   I came here around 2 when I stumbled upon this restaurant. They offer various lunch specials starting at $8.95. Each dish has a number next to them indicating the spice level which I thought was very useful in guiding my decision.   My bf got the dry pepper chicken, which has a spicy kick to it. It's a dry-rub kind of chicken and it was good. I ordered the kung pao chicken which was also good. Unlike the dry pepper chicken, this had a wet sauce similar to general tso's chicken.   The portions are decent, not huge, but definitely enough for lunch time. The waiter brought out extra white rice when he saw we were running low.  The restaurant itself is nice and great for dining in. This is a step up from your regular takeout chinese spots. I highly recommend!
5 Had Dinner here last night with a group of 18. Tasting menu for $30 was incredibly generous and perhaps a bit too much food. Adam and all the servers were incredibly accommodating even though our party size kept changing. I would definitely recommend this place for anyone looking to host a large group or otherwise. Very reasonable prices and great value for money. Thanks guys!
3 I wish I could give this place 5 stars for the amazing food; but the host/manager (blonde guy - I've read similar comments about this man from previous posts) was incredibly rude to my friend, I have to take it down to 3 stars.  I don't want to focus on the negative so I'll keep my sentiment on the service short. This restaurant needs a new host - the guy my friend and I had to deal with was rude and distasteful. We almost left but I'm glad we stayed. Because. The. Food.   On to the good part! My friend and I loved everything we ordered (Dumplings in chili oil, Scallion pancake, Dry pepper chicken wings, and Dan dan noodle). My two favorites are the dry pepper chicken wings and the dan dan noodle. The dry pepper chicken wings are so savory and the dan dan noodle from Han is one of the best dan dan noodles I've had. MUST TRY!
5 Food is delicious and very spicy. I prefer mild food but definitely still shared my friend's noodles and just asked for my other entree to be non spicy. This place is always packed because it's so good. The servers were very attentive and overall it was a great food experience. I've been here twice and would highly  recommend for the delicious noodles and various options.
1 Garbage service....wasted over 2 hours of my life.  I showed up before 5PM to a 60% empty restaurant and ordered an app and 2 entrees with a friend. The app comes out 30 mins later with an apology from the waiter saying it takes time to make it. Fine, whatever. However, the waiter proceeds to disappear and not reappear for the rest of the meal.   At the 50 minute mark, one of the entrees comes out and is brought out by a different lady who states the other entree is coming right out. At the 1:15 mark, I flag down an employee and ask where the rest of the food is. They state they will ask. Of course our waiter has long since disappeared. At the 1:25 mark, I flag down the lady who brought out the first entree who suddenly seems confused that there was something else ordered. Finally at the 1:35 mark, the second entree comes out...by which point the first entree was cold. No apologies. Nothing.   Our waiter never did show up again. We flagged down a fourth person who brought us our check. The food is fine but the service is absolutely atrocious. The focus however is on their delivery service...literally watched 30+ meals go out the door in the 2 hours I was at this sad joint.   Bottom line: don't waste your time here.
5 Amazing food! We had to wait for 35mins but it was worth it. The chili oil dumplings were incredible, as well as dan dan noodles. We got our meals in like 5-10 mins, service was very friendly, prices are great.
5 Absolutely delicious. For the past 2 years I've walked past this place without eating there. I've done a huge disservice to myself. Love that they give you hot tea. The dan dan noodles are absolutely phenomenal. Had the cumin beef and cumin chicken. Both equally delicious. The staff is nice and the atmosphere is great.  The menu is large but if the quality is consistent then I cant wait to go through the menu.
5 Among the best Chinese restaurants in New York. Delicious ingredients, tender meat, and perfect level of spice!  I will keep coming back to this place for consistent high quality food.  We ordered the Garlic Sauce Style Chicken, the Long Hot Pepper Beef and the Scallion Style Chicken dishes.  All three dishes were yummy.   Nice ambience and good drinks.    I will keep returning and recommending this place as the go to Chinese restaurant in Manhattan.
4 Dan Dan noodles are some of the best in town and the dumplings in chili oil are also delicious
5 Came to the East Village location for dinner at 7pm on a Thursday night with two girl friends. We had a reservation and while the place was pretty crowded we didn't necessarily need one.  I hadn't been to any of the other locations but based on the photos I saw, the East Village location seems much more low key than the other locations. My friend who'd been to the Upper West Side location before said that the East Village one was a much smaller space.  For appetizers we ordered spring rolls, scallion pancakes, and the wontons. Everything was really yummy but the wontons were the best thing we had. For my entree I ordered the garlic chicken stirfry. It's one of their most popular dishes and I can see why! The sauce had just the right amount of kick to it. The portions were also huge! None of us were able to finish our plates.
5 First experience with Szechuan food. Amazing food and service! Definitely coming back
4 I was so impressed by every dish they sent out. We got the Dry Pepper Chicken Wings for appetizers. The dry chili peppers and garlic gave a powerful flavor to the crunchy chicken skin. Those were the best chicken wings I've ever had from any Chinese restaurants. I am also a big fan of Dan Dan Noodle and I think this place had done a great deal of justice to the dish--so good that I don't want to know what they put in it. And I seriously think no one should miss the Pea Leaves with Garlic. Don't worry about ordering too much food that you can't finish. You can always take it home like what we did with the Hot Sauce Style Chicken.  They also got IPA on tap and friendly staff.
5 Beef dry pot: generous portion and good combination of meat and veggies! Would be a little bit better if it came with some tofu/bean curd;) Bean strings: amazing! My fav dish here. Cold appetizer: the pork belly with garlic sauce in red oil was heavenly!  Hot appetizer: the pork belly buns is def one of the must-gets! Came with special peanut sauce and cilantro (just FYI in case you don't like them). Wanted to try the cumin fries but they ran out today.
1 The waitor/maybe manager had a such an attitude. Did not like the experience at all. Maybe others enjoy better with another waitor.
5 I love this restaurant.  I really enjoy spicy food and the spiciness level at the restaurant is just right (maybe could be spicier).  The dry pepper style chicken is delicious. Also enjoy the bok choy with mushrooms.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in NYC for good reason.
5 Great food with a very wide selection of vegetarian options. I tried the cumin style tofu and it was pretty good
5 Best damn dan dan noodles ever! They are seriously so flavorful and delicious. I dream about those noodles. The wontons in chili oil are also amazing. This place does seem to get packed and the tables are kind of squished together so I can see it being kind of difficult to get a table if you have a large party. I've gone on off times like early dinner or really late night and have gotten seated right away. The service is always great and attentive. Love this place.
1 I love UWS Han dynasty: good food and nice service. Obviously this branch doesn't have direct supervision. So the receptionist and waiter are rude and patronizing. Weirdest vibe ever. You don't feel being appreciated and welcomed. While we were waiting for The receptionist to finish the conversation with the waiter and compete the call, he looked at us and said: use words! The waiter was trying to be funny but offensive. He won't let us to sit at a better table, and was joking about low blood sugar. I would never ever go there. Good luck with their business.
5 Get ready for your mouth to be on fire. Especially if you ask for a 9 like we did.   Usually, my friends and I get a spice level of 7, but this time, we pushed our limits with family. Always get the dan dan noodles, you literally won't stop eating them. I  also always get the spicy peanuts and the cucumber. All 3 are things I crave when I haven't gotten my Han fix every few weeks.  I'm vegetarian and ended up getting the cumin tofu (level 9) and kung pao tofu (level 8). Both were really good, the cumin one had a leg up this time around.   Our family also loved the food and it was their first time there. I like the downtown location much more than the UWS one. The food and ambience are much better although the UWS has much more space and less wait.   Hope you enjoy Han Dynasty as much as I do!
5 see my review for the upper west side location of han dynasty.  this location is smaller and more cramped than the UWS location. food is good but not the same level of spicy as UWS, so if you want really spicy food, ask for extra spice.
3 Great food.  Good prices, but I felt a little rushed after I finished eating (as if they just wanted to free the table up for their next customer).  I suppose it's a volume-based business but it doesn't take away the feeling that I was being treated like a number. Other than that it was great!
4 4.5*  dan dan noodles, the wings, scallion pancakes, etc - everything you get from here is delicious.   Only downside is that this place is incredibly packed. But definitely worth the wait.
4 This a great little dinner option in the neighborhood. The food was pretty good. Would have liked it slightly spicier but I am willing to go again and find the right dish for me. I had the spicy dumplings and a stir fried chicken dish. The dumplings were pretty good but not the best (which is to be expected if the dumplings are covered in a spicy sauce) and the same goes for the chicken which was slightly drier than i would have liked. But it is a great atmosphere right in the middle of the neighborhood. I went on a weds night the place was half full. Will be trying it again soon, maybe get some noodles.
3 Used to be awesome but has gone down hill favor isn't as good and isn't as fresh anymore
5 Chinese food is very good here. All ingredients they use are very fresh. Not your typical oily over sauced Chinese food. The deliver well. If you like spicy order Wontons in chili oil!! Very good
5 I'm really picky about Chinese food - I usually Ray away because Chinese always seems unhealthy, but I loved Han Dynasty.  For so long I've been looking for sweet and sour chicken that isn't deep fried, and I finally found it at Han Dynasty.  On the menu it's the "crispy rice style".  We ordered it through caviar and everything came neatly packed, piping hot, and on time.  I will definitely order again the very next time I want Chinese!
1 Horrible service, horrible food. Disrespectful, subpar, and rude. You can find places in the East Village that are 10x better.
2 The food was good but I got food poisoning and died later that night! I called them to complain and they said the chef will call me back LOL but never did : /
5 How come people don't get the Chengdu mung bean noodles here? They are fantastic. I love the dry pepper chicken as well. The restaurant is a bit busy and loud and the tables are very close to each other, but this is one of my favorite Sichuan restaurants in NYC because the food speaks for itself. There's an amazing Sichuan restaurant that delivers in Jersey City, but that's a secret ;) Others in Flushing are too far away.
5 Been here twice, this place is by far the coolest and best tasting Chinese Food in the NYC area. Had a fish-bowl that put me and 4 of my friend on our ass. All the Food was absolutely delicious!!! I will Def be back many times again!! Love it!!!
4 The food was really good and definitely worth the wait. It took about an hour to be seated on a Friday night but we went next door to grab a few drinks after we put our name down, so it wasn't bad.  For four people we ordered  3 entree's and 4 or 5 appetizers.  With two beer two glasses of wine and 2 cocktails the whole tab was 150 something.
3 Not authentic and over hyped - you can get more authentic Sichuanese flavors at Xi'an famous foods and Mala Project. The depth and complexity just isn't there.  However, Han Dynasty, as a very popular option, would be a great introduction to more authentic Chinese food beyond Panda Express.   The food here wasn't bad, but it was just in between Chinese food and Chinese-American food.
4 Food is delicious and comes in family size portions. Reservation required as the place gets packed. The service was good, and overall experience was positive.
3 Decent szechuan food, well-portioned but expensive compared to better and cheaper alternatives in Flushing ($24 pp) Would have gave it four stars had they not automatically tacked on a 20% service charge for our party of six.
5 Simple spicy Szechuan food without any shenanigans. The food is consistent and always hits the spot. Can never go wrong with their Dan Dan noodles, cumin lamb, hot pot, mapo tofu and scallion pancakes. Quick service. Always a hit!
4 Flavorful food, lively atmosphere filled with a diverse music selection! The Kung Pao Chicken was delicious and not too spicy at all. The portion sizes at Han's Dynasty are quite large. The dishes can be shared or eaten solo it is your choice. Either way you will not be disappointed. A great Friday or Saturday night treat
5 Very good! Quick service. The Dan dan noodles were alright, not amazing in my opinion. They are, however the first Dan Dan noodles i've tried and maybe they're supposed to come with a flavor punch. Kung Pao chicken is delicious! Scallion pancakes are also thinner than I would normally expect and slightly less crispy, but are not greasy and delicious nonetheless!
5 I'm giving this restaurant this 5 stars it deserves for its food. It is quality, full of flavor, innovative and overall outstanding. It's manager however, does not deserve 5 stars. My fiancée and I had an early 6:30pm Saturday night dinner here before the crowds came through. Within 5minutes of ordering, our food came. We ate it quickly as we were starving and then finally got the opportunity to relax over a beer. Our entire party ordered 1 drinks each, and the food came out so quickly we barely had a chance to drink any of it beforehand. And the food was too good to spoil with drinks. So as we sat, 1hr 15min into our dinner, tha Manager comes over, bleach blonde long hair, purple collared shirt with a #dadbod belly, and he says to my fiancée: "Are you enjoying your drink?" My fiancée says yes. He says "Well, you'll have to enjoy it quicker." The rest of the conversation was about how busy they were and how they needed our table. He clearly didn't realize we had already paid our bill, we're each finishing our drinks and were planning to get up and leave any second. I thought HOW the manager said that was SO incredibly rude, in fact one of the rudest things a restaurant staff has said in my presence. WHAT he was saying was totally fair, but the fact that he told us to basically chug our drinks and rush out was absurd and disrespectful. Anyways, I hope someone reads this who works with him because if he's saying to other customers what he said to us - totally not okay. All in all, this greasy dude couldn't ruin our absolutely OUTSTANDING dinner at Han Dynasty. The food is life changing and please, people of Yelp, do not let this review of its manager stop you. Go immediately. You will not be sorry.
2 Food has always been great and consistent and I've been a consistent patron of the restaurant but the server/bartender needs to improve his attitude. Not sure what his deal is but we've had two incredibly rude "service" from him and won't return anymore.   First time around I didn't want to leave a review bc it just seemed petty and thought maybe he was having a bad day. Second time around ... It's just disrespect, man.   We arrived at 1130pm, and asked him if they had happy hour. His exact words, "we don't have that anymore."  Alright, no worries, we order some drinks and food and get a different server and have a merry ol' time.   When we get the bill, there's that old familiar card advertising their late night happy hour.   I was thinking about letting it pass but I just feel too weirded out, so I go up to the manager to ask if they have happy hour still. He says yes we do!   So I told him what happened, and he finds the bill - said that I ordered a Tito's so I didn't get the deal. I told him specifically that I asked for happy hour and was told that it literally didn't exist anymore at this establishment and that I ordered a plain ol' vodka soda.   He went over to have a talk with the dude but no follow up whatsoever happened. Honestly it's not like I'm going to miss the 6 dollars but he straight up LIED to us - why tho?? The management really needs to figure out what's going on with this guy. I hope he finds happiness or whatever it is that he needs in his life.
4 Expect some incredible Honest and delicious schezwan food at Han Dynasty. The wait is honestly too long but it's well worth it. There's a reason why this place is completely packed and it's not the free green tea. Moving to the food- The Dan Dan Noodles which are exactly what everyone else says- perfect and probably the best. The peanut sauce with minced pork(?) bits are so good you'll be returning for seconds and thirds through your entire meal. The wontons in chili oil were in a perfectly thin coating with juicy meat and dunked in sour and smoky chili oil for the perfect balance.  The chicken wings were pretty spicy but we avoided eating the dry spices and they were pretty tolerable. They were juicy and succulent with a crisp coating but were a bit too oily. Probably wont get these again. The cumin beef came with a side of rice and was tossed with stir fried bell peppers and onions and it was another hit dish. The cumin crust on the beef was sensational and kept the meat juicy and warm throughout. Overall we had s great dining experience with impeccable service and food that matched.
5 Han Dynasty made my birthday amazing. We had a group of 6 and didn't realize they took reservations for groups smaller than 8... so we showed up with a group of 6 on a busy Saturday night... Instead of turning us away - like the innkeeper in the Christmas story, they took us in. Several in our party were late and they graciously found and held a table for us.   We ordered the tasting menu which was the RIGHT. CHOICE. The menu consists of twelve courses and pricing is based on the proteins. Tofu, Chicken, Pork - $25. Add in beef and lamb - $30. Add in seafood - $35. We went for the $30 menu and they asked us if there were any specific dishes we wanted to have. Our group wanted the dan dan noodles for sure so they made sure to include. Then they asked about spiciness tolerance (we went for the entire spectrum) and food allergies (I can't eat gluten). They made 10 out of the 12 dishes gluten free and each one was better than the last! Our group was trepidatious about the spiciness but none of them were terribly turned off by any of the dishes. Even the mildest eater tried each dish.  For an incredible value, authentic Szechwan cuisine, and amazing service - I can't recommend Han Dynasty more! (Just come with 6 or more for the tasting menu and make a reservation!)
5 Oh my my, the Chinese fare here is super super. Come here hungry, don't eat the whole day & then dive into some of the finest Chinese food you would ever have.
2 I tried the one in Philadelphia which is so delicious that I have always been wanting to eat the Dan Dan noodles again! But this one has totally different taste. Dan Dan noodles has good texture but has no sesame taste.  Also had the pork belly buns: the pork has good portion of fat which makes it yum but the meat is overlooked and I had hard time chewing it. I think the one from Ipudo is much better.  The tables and the seats are tight and not very comfortable.  Sorry but I had high expectations for it :(((
5 Chinese food at its best!! The wait time was almost 45min as we went to have dinner on a weekend but the food is worth the wait!! The place is loud. We tried the Wanton in chicken broth soup which was authentic. Chicken in dry pepper style is delicious and the portion size is pretty big. Incredible food! Would love to visit again to try more items on the menu!
5 Amazing. Every dish I had was exploding with flavor. The Dan Dan noodles were terrific, bok choy with mushrooms, Kung Pao shrimp with steamed white rice (which had a hint of ginger flavor in it).. all excellent. I would definitely come back here.
4 This is definitely above average Chinese. The dry pots, hot pots, garlic pots, are all fire. I didn't really find any of them spicy but I'm brown af so idk. The veggie rolls with avocado dip are delicious and great for millennials who need avacado to feel accomplished. Also the radish is a solid veggie dish.
5 If you like schezwan food, you will love Han Dynasty. We've been here about 3-4 times and the food has always been consistently delicious! The chicken wings and cumin lamb are awesome.
4 Was staying in the city a while ago, had the urge for Szechuan & did not want to head to Chinatown. Found Han Dynasty on 3rd Ave. Took a 10 minute stroll.  The place is small, but I did not expect it to be full. I took a seat at the bar, didn't want to wait 30 minutes for a table. Nice bar, counter was made from Chinese coins. Perused the menu & decided on Beef Cumin Style - heat index 7.  The nice thing about the menu was that each item had a heat index next to it, from 0 to 10. Not knowing their heat rating, settled on 7.  The dish arrived, piled high & looked very good. It was not soaking in some none descriptive brown sauce - good sign. First taste - yes! Liked it very much & the heat was just fine for me.  Will be heading back for sure with friends & reservations.
4 Good service and food. Recommend dumplings, chicken fried rice (very simple and not too much sauce), Kung pao shrimp, and green pea shoots. All dishes terrific flavor. Bistro feel and busy but service is attentive.
4 As everyone attests, Dan-Dan noodles is great so with the dumpling in chili oil. Hot pot style fish and pepper chicken were very salty.  Very reasonable price and great staff.
5 Where do I even begin, I absolutely love this place! I go there very frequently, at least 3-4 times a month and I leave superhappy every time. Their portions are large and filling, their food is soooo yummy, the service is expedient and friendly and basically all-round perfect. Definitely give this place a try, their Dry Pepper Style Chicken, Dan Dan noodles and Chicken Fried Rice are to die for!
5 Really solid spot. I've been meaning to check out this place, since I saw their wings listed as one of the spiciest dishes in NYC. You tell me something is spicy and I'll be ready to take that challenge anywhere any time. I saw the new Han Dynasty location at the Dekalb Food Market but I wanted to go to the original location first.   Few pointers:  1. Apparently this place is very well known, place is packed with tourists, students and everyone in between. 2. Staff is always hustling. Your entire party needs to be there before they seat you.  3. Space is very tight. You will be bumping against everything. Staff, the people next to you. Be mindful.  4. You don't necessarily have to pick a dish and go with it. They have a large selection of appetizers which is big enough to share and enjoy various types of flavors.   Staff is really cool. I decided to go with the wontons in chili oil and the waiter said, it's made with pork meat. I was so blown away! What a great guy to share that. It really warms my heart to see people take that extra step and help you out. That threw me for a loop and I decided to go with the cold chicken in chili oil.   When the Dan Dan noodles came out, the guy said "Dan Dan noodles without the pork." Once again, really happy that staff is mindful of people with different restrictions. I can see why these noodles are a crowd favorite. It's not too spicy, very flavorful and enough of a portion to share with people.   The wings. OMFG. It's dry wings topped TOASTED SPICES. I can't begin to explain how hot this is. It's dropping in oil. It's that cruel evil heat. You don't feel it immediately, but it's that cruel aftermath. I LOVED IT. It was spicy but delicious. Don't be that idiot to pop those peppers into your mouth (I did and nearly gagged.) It certainly lives up to its name and a treat to have.   Lastly was the cold chicken with chili oil. Pretty standard. Comes with rice. Not too hot, but pretty flavorful. The dish has peanuts in it. Either you like that or not (I don't. So I was picking at the peanuts the entire time.)  Really solid experience. Mindful staff, great food and wonderful atmosphere. I'll be back.
4 First time having Szechuan food. This place is great. Dumplings with chili oil were on point. Dan Dan Noodles had outstanding flavor and couldn't stop eating them. Dry pot was good and it was nice you could adjust the spice level. Service was very attentive. Will definitely come back soon!
4 Good Szechuan food with enough spice, good price, quick service. Would come here anytime. It's busy, crowded, and does not accept reservations for parties of less than 8, so plan ahead.
5 The scallion pancakes were amazing as well as pretty much everything we had here. We came for a birthday part with a group of nine. The staff was courteous and the food came out quickly; overall, I was very impressed with Han Dynasty and I will be back!
1 This is the worst service restaurant, waited for at least 20 minutes before anyone placed our order, then the appetizer came 25 minutes later than the main course. Hot pot without any heat, food and rice were cold..... on top of that, bad music and too loud....terrible, terrible and terrible
4 Super delicious, authentic dishes! My favorites on the menu: 1. String beans with minced meat 2. Wontons in chili oil 3. Kung Pao Chicken  Will definitely come back to this restaurant or the UWS one!  (The one in the UWS is nicer/larger/newer than this location)
4 Be prepared for a long wait even on a weekday and for some Sichuan SPICE!! My friend and I got the pork belly and dry pot style and it was plenty to share. The only downside was that it was really crowded and loud. We had to share our table with other people so there wasn't as much privacy as I would have liked.
5 My friend lives in this building, she took me here. Maybe so far is my favorite  chinese food i had in nyc.  I love the spicy pot. I will continue explore and try my delicacy and share my Authentic opinion with you:)
4 Top notch late night eats. Everything was delicious - dan dan noodles, salt & pepper shrimp, house noodles, scallion pancakes and fried rice.  Staff was super friendly. Prompt service.   The wonton soup was a bit bland, but loved the experience otherwise.
4 I had heard great things about this restaurant that apparently originated in Philadelphia. So naturally when we saw it on yelp while we near the area looking for a place to eat last week, my boyfriend and I (mainly me) decided to give it a try! When we got there, it wasn't busy at all and fairly empty actually. As time progressed, it got busier. Anyways I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and my boyfriend ordered a wonton soup as an appetizer and shrimp fried rice for his main course. My noodle soup came out surprisingly (and suspiciously) quickly! I started eating and immediately noticed how oddly strong the broth was. It had a very awful after taste. It wasn't even too spicy for me as I am from a culture that devours spicy dishes everyday. There was just something indescribably off about the broth. The beef and vegetables were pretty good but I just couldn't get myself to finish even half of this noodle soup. My boyfriend's shrimp fried rice was good but nothing to rave about. I wouldn't really come here again. I'd say it's just one step above your local Chinese food place and surely not worth the prices. I'm not saying this is a terrible place but it's only worth one try if you ask me! The service was simply alright and the prices weren't insane either!
4 Food could be spicier, but overall tastes great and service is fast. Keep in mind ordering flash fried dishes will have you waiting a bit while they prepare it.
3 Been there multiple times in the last couple years. I swear it's gotten progressively less spicy each time. First time the Dan Dan noodles and chicken wings made me sweat like a pig. It was great because that's what I went in for. Second time i still sweat but much less so. Third and fourth time got to the point where I didn't break a sweat. It's still good but I really wanted my Dan Dan noodles to be spicy. I don't know maybe I've acquired more spice tolerance.
4 It was busy on weekend evening, so you should reserve seats! Another Han Dynasty had fancy atmosphere but the restaurant had casual one and a bar counter. It was so good. And you can order grand menu at the counter. Food was also good and there were not too expensive.
5 A girlfriend was up for the weekend, and so my friends and I went to Han Dynasty for dinner before we hit up the East Village for the night. We were all hungry and Szechuan food was something that we could all agree on - especially since some of our party had not been to Han Dynasty before. I've seen the wait for this location become really long and so I made a reservation in advance for a party of 8.  Due to the fact that it was a Saturday night at prime dinner hours, even with a reservation, we were pleasantly surprised that our table was ready and we were seated immediately upon arrival. As soon as we arrived, we gave our name to the host and the manager (he's always in a black suit) personally showed us to our table. We started our meal off with a few drinks - a few of the girls had glasses of wine, impressed with the beer list, one of my friends had the Tsingtao, the rest ordered drinks off of the cocktail menu.  Han Dynasty has changed their cocktails within the past few months and all of the ones that we tried were delicious.  To our dismay, we were told that The Drunken Master is no longer served in the golden pineapple anymore, but we asked our server if it could be anyways and he was happy to oblige.    Because we were a large party, the manager suggested that we try their tasting menu.  The Han Dynasty tasting menu comes at various price points, and before we began our meal, the manager asked if this was our first time dining there. Because many of us were not new to the restaurant, he curated a tasting menu with some tried and true favorites as well as newer items that us "regulars" had never tried before.  Some of the standouts from the evening are:  1. Beef and Tripe in Chili Oil - YUM 2. Dumplings in Chili Oil - How can you not like these? 3. Pea Leaves with Garlic - So well made, they didn't even taste oily! 4. Dry Fry Style Beef - Oh my goodness, I thought their Dry Pepper Style Chicken was amazing.. you have to try this! 5. Kung Pao Style Tofu - Deliciousness for both vegetarians and meat eaters! 6. Dry Pepper Style Shrimp - Everyone needs to order this, it's so good.  Our whole party unanimously agreed it was the BEST dish that night. 7. Fried Taiwanese Sausage - Sweet and delicious. 8. Hot Sauce Style Fish - We didn't even realize they had fish here!  It was a pleasant surprise.  The wine selection was good, the cocktails were delicious, and the food portions were generous and was more than enough for the eight of us. The ambiance was just perfect and although they were crowded we never once felt pressured to leave.  The manager even took the time to check in on us periodically to ensure that we were having a good experience.  He even suggested that we try combining some of the oil from one dish with a different entree and it was a complete game changer!   Every time I go to Han Dynasty, I am never disappointed and this dinner was no exception. Like always, there was a fun level of energy throughout the room from every party, not just ours.  And as one of my girlfriends noted - the music was on point playing songs that we all enjoyed and putting us in an even happier fun loving mood making for a great start to our evening.
4 Go to place around NYU Good food, super quick, and not expensive  69x better than most other Chinese places around NYU especially when considering cost Legit food usually comes out super quick  I think he's the manager but he's friccin good at his job and super friendly. Like super good at his job. You can tell he's always watching out, making sure everyone is being served. That alone makes it worth it but combine that with good food and the speed at which it comes?   Defo get dan dan noodles
5 Great food. Vegetarian options. Quick service. Definitely returning.
1 Overpriced Americans Chinese food. Not sure why it got all the rave reviews. Came here for lunch and was pretty disappointed. Probably should have gone to the Hunan restaurant next door. Won't be coming back.
2 We're seated at a table for 2 by the cashier. My partner was being banged by the takeout orders as the delivery guy  went behind the register the entire time. The food was way spicy.the dried chicken peppers was super fried and very dry .way too loud . Full of millenials. Need to say more. I told them as I left that they should get rid of that table for two.
4 Started with the wonton appetizers and they were outstanding.  The atmosphere was great at the bar and service was fast.  Then I moved to the Dan Dan noodles and they were perfect, I probably should have asked for a little more heat(spice).
5 Wow! Tasty spicy wholesome Sichuan cuisine at a very affordable (no kidding, this is largesse for Manhattan) price. We waited over an hour for a table, but it was totally worth it! Ordered the wontons in chili oil, chicken wings, Dan Dan noodle  and Dry Pot style chicken, which turned out a very filling dinner for two hungry men!
5 Wow. I'm not a fan of chain restaurants, but this place exceeded expectations. The dan dan noodles were excellent, as were the dry pepper chicken wings and wontons in chili oil. The mapo tofu wasn't the best I've had, but oh well. Decent drink selection and they randomly have fishbowls, which we had to try. The tropical fishbowl was great, and it comes with an inverted Tsingtao that you can use to cut the sweetness.
1 Don't expect to get seated at your reservation time. We had an 8pm reservation and didn't get seated until 9.
4 The always busy Handy Nasty (as we so lovingly call it) packs a Szechuan punch. You're likely going to have to wait to be seated but it's really worth it if you like chinese food from this region. If you haven't tried szechuan food... think chili oil, garlic, ginger, star anise, and a whole lot of spice. Of course they have the more americanized general tso's and all, but if you're looking for great fried chicken smothered in sweet sauce, you're not coming to the right place.  Recommended dishes:  Dan dan noodles are great- mixed in front of you, quite spicy with delicious scallions. Small but a great start to the meal, I'd split it with someone because it can be quite heavy.   Cold sesame noodles- similar flavor to dan dan, but more of a peanut flavor with sesame seeds. yum. Cold dish as well.  Dry pepper style chicken- Nice fresh spicy chicken dish, flash fried, with lots of chili peppers. Authentic and not doused in sauce.  Mapo Tofu- quite a thick sauce (a little heavy on the corn starch) but a good staple.  Eggplant in Garlic Sauce- one of my favorite spicy savory chinese dishes, and they did it very well. Definitely my favorite dish on the table.  Try some of the fish dishes- I hear they are very good!  Affordable, authentic, spicy, good for groups.
3 Went here with a friend to grab a bite to eat for lunch on a Thursday night. The place was packed when we arrived, but we were able to be seated at the bar about 10 mins later.  After running through the menu, we decided to order a couple of dishes to split:  Dan dan noodles (4 stars): They are famous for these noodles and they were definitely tasty. Not as spicy as some others that I have tried, but very good flavor.  Garlic chicken (3.5 stars): This dish had a decent amount of chicken, though I wish there was a bit more veggies included in it. Tasted pretty good, but nothing spectacular.  Pork fried rice (2 stars): I did not care for this dish at all. The pork was a weird texture to me and I didn't like the flavor either.  Overall, this place seems to be a popular spot in the neighborhood. For the most part, they serve up some decent food and specialize in big portions with small prices. Definitely good bang for your buck.
5 Chinese food was incredible, maybe the best I've had. Rivaled that of Hong Kong and San Fran, which are incredible.   Loved the preparation behind each dish... Dan Dan Noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, Dry Pepper Chicken, Dumplings in Chili Oil, Bok Choy... everything incredible.
5 A friend of mine pointed out that Han Dynasty was a chain, but that didn't deter me from trying it while I was in New York. I'm glad that I did! It's one of those places that you can just pop into if you're in the neighborhood. And it just so happened we were just down the street at The Strand bookstore thinking of where to go for lunch. (I imagine it's easier to get a table at lunch than dinner.) The beef tendon in chili oil is one of the tastiest and most addictive dishes I've ever tried. The tendon is thinly, thinly sliced and tossed in a tingly Szechuan chili oil with roasted peanuts and scallions. It is truly a study in textures and flavors. We also shared a wonton soup and the dry fry pork lunch special. It was a great rainy day meal.
1 My sister decided to choose this place for her birthday as she was craving Szechuan. She made reservations the day before, and she made sure to confirm that it was the 3rd avenue location and not the one uptown. She confirmed and made the reservations for 10 people at 8:30pm. When we got there that day, we told the guy at the door, who looked like the manager with his suit, that we had reservations under Cathy. He told us that it must not have been that location because they absolutely did not have anything for that night. That it must've been for the location uptown. My sister confirmed that she made sure to specify that it was this location. He said it was not a problem, to give them 5 minutes and they would clear up a spot. First flag.  I asked the girl at the front whether I could drop off the cake and have them put it in the freezer. She waved me off to another guy, Carlos? I asked if he could put the ice cream cake in the freezer. He jokingly said is this cake for me. He said okay he'd put it away. I specified to make sure he knew, this is an ice cream cake okay, it needs to go into the freezer. He said okay.  We sat down and it was only a short amount of time of a wait, but what happened to the reservation? They never even confirmed or apologized about not having a reservation or clarified as to what may have happened. The waiter came up and we said we'd like to do the tasting and how did it work because there were different price points. He said $25 per person was chicken, $30 was seafood, and $35 had pork too. We said we wanted the $30. He left, and btw this was the last we saw of him. A girl waitress showed up and said he said it all wrong. $25 was chicken, $30 was more meat, and $35 was the seafood. We said okay fine, the $35. Second flag.  The dishes came out and btw you get a lot of plates. The only problem we had was that they all were very oily and all ended up tasting the same. But we came to the conclusion that it's Szechuan and you shouldn't have a bunch of these plates altogether. But it was a tasting. None of them were spicy either. The only one I found a bit spicy was the lamb. But the plates numbered as 7+ we found to not be spicy at all. The noodles were very good though, recommend those, and I liked the fried chicken. Btw they also do not tell you what they're bringing out, they just bring it out.  Time for the end, I told them we had a cake and if they could bring it out. My sister secretly paid for the bill and we didn't hear anything from them. Until the cake got brought out. And it was completely melted. Btw now it was a different guy and an older woman. Their excuse was that they didn't know it was ice cream, AKA it wasn't their fault. We told them that we made sure to tell the person that it was ice cream and that it needed to be in the freezer. The woman said there isn't a freezer upstairs, only downstairs. Excuses upon excuses. They ended up dropping off the melted cake on the table and coming out with the numbers candle ontop of a bowl of rice. So. Ghetto.   Each point there was so much confusion and so much miscommunication, and each step of the way we dealt with a different person. And btw they did not mention anything about the cake until after the bill was paid and done for and we paid the 20% gratuity ontop. For the fact that we were the biggest party there and the amount of people we had and the amount of food we had and the fact that it's also my sisters birthday, this was all uncalled for. I would absolutely absolutely not recommend this place and would never go back here again. They basically ruined the whole night and I wish we went somewhere else instead, especially since they didn't even have our reservation!  ESPECIALLY AVOID IF YOU'RE A BIG PARTY. Just AVOID ALTOGETHER.   TLDR: Service stinks. Food was meh.
5 Without a doubt the best Chinese food I've ever had. Being a vegetarian I did not feel as though my options were limited because of the amount of intriguing dishes they had on the menu. I order the cold sesame noodles, veggie rolls, cumin fries, and vegetable fried rice and I was more than impressed. Everything was so packed with flavor and not a single bite was unsatisfactory. The only downside to my dinning experience was that there was no room to move. The place was packed and all the tables are way to close together to feel any sense of comfort. Even though I felt VERY claustrophobic, it was worth it and the food definitely gives this place 5 stars. I will most definitely be back if there are less people dining, but if there are lots of people consider takeout or delivery.
4 TOO loud. It's a restaurant not a club. It's not the music that gets me here.   I don't recommend The 水煮鱼, or hot sauce style fish. It's not authentic at all. The dry pot style is pretty good. Dry pepper style yummy too.
4 Just had dinner at Han Dynasty. I think for the most part everything we had was pretty good. The miso soup was really good, but it is huge FYI. Remember to order rice with your meal because it does not come with most of the dishes. We waited like 10 minutes for a table for 4.
1 I walked in at 6:30 on a Wednesday. The place was empty. A couple at a table in the window, a quad at another table, a guy dining alone, and maybe one or two people at the bar (the bar seats 12, the tables maybe 40, with most of them being 2-person). The maitre d asks me if I'm waiting for anyone, and when I say no, she says that I can pick any seat at the bar. I say I'd prefer a table. At this point the manager comes up to greet me, and tells me that if if let him know when I'm expecting the rest of my party, he'd set things up for me. The maitre d let's him know that I'm alone, and once again I'm directed to the bar. I say "if you don't mind, I'd prefer a table." Mind you, the place is empty and it's not exactly a date night. The manager tells me that it's "policy" that they only give tables to multiple people. Then he says, "that guy is an exception" referring to the guy dining alone. I said ok, and walked out. I don't care how good the food is at this place, you do not treat a patron like that.
5 Seriously this is the best Asian restaurant I've ever been to. And believe me, I've been to a lot of restaurants and have traveled a lot. The wonton soup, salt and pepper shrimp is to die for, the chicken lo mein, chicken friend rice..... I can go on and on. I have been here twice already and I know I will be coming back soon.
4 Classic chinese place with spicy and non spicy options. Open late on weekends! Dan dan noodles and 3 cup chicken are both pretty solid. Prices a little high for not that much food
1 Not for Chinese! I am very very disappointed about the service. And the dishes are just so so. I will never come again.
3 Was okay only. Pork was very fatty. Not very impressed in all honesty. Dishes are hit or miss. Very spicy so be careful. Good dumplings though. Fast service but feels like you're being rushed. So I wouldn't go to stay and have a nice long dinner with friends.
5 Great service and the food was really good I order the pork fried rice with Kung pao chicken it was amazing. Would definitely go again.
5 Dan dan noodles are soooo good. highly recommend this place. everything is delicious.
4 Super good Chinese food! My cousin recommended this place because of the authenticity of the Shanghai cuisine! I concur that the food is super authentic and very delicious!
4 Fails to justify the hype that Han Dynasty has gotten above all the other respectable Szechuan in the city.  But still good.  On a Tuesday night, 6-8pm, there was no wait for a group of 4 and the restaurant stayed only partially full the whole time.   A thousand YES(!)es to: 1. Dan dan noodles ($8.95)! Springy and fresh, but simultaneously heavy and dense, in a stick-to-your-ribs sort of way. I've more often come across the Taiwanese translation of this dish, tempered with peanut/sesame sauce. This one was more "Szechuan," with a nice peppercorn heat and no peanut sauce. The bowl is entree-sized (i.e. larger than typical dan dan mian) - worth it for what's probably NYC's best version of this Szechuan street food classic.  2. Spicy crispy cucumber ($6.95). More sweet than tart, marinade coating the whole surface of the cucumber, pureed garlic thoroughly mellowed out, flavor still hitting home. They used the most traditional variety of cucumber for this preparation (黄瓜), fully skinned and with seeds scraped out. We loved it.  Other stuff: 1. Dry pepper chicken wings ($10.95). WAY too salty (and I love salt). Everyone at my table agreed. This was a crime against our kidneys.  2. Fish, "hot sauce style" ($18.95). The white fish was tender and plentiful, the stewed veggies were sweet. This style of cooking - called "hot sauce" here but 水煮 just means "boiled" - is immensely popular in Szechuan restaurants. Han Dynasty's version didn't suffer the plight of others, where the sauce's intense saltiness is aggravated by the Szechuan peppercorn.   3. Hot oil wontons ($6.95). I've had better, but to be fair, that was on the other side of the world.   4. Stir-fried pea shoots ($15.95). Not bad for one of my favorite greens, but there was zero "wok flavor" whatsoever.  NOT A SINGLE THING WE ATE was spicy! Most things had a bit of -ma- (麻) numbness, but nothing was -la- (辣) in terms of actual heat. At best, how you experience the kitschy spiciness indicators on the menu (each dish is scaled 1-10) is going to vary dramatically from tongue to tongue.  The total lack of spice makes this almost more Taiwanese-style Szechuan. I could give a history lesson on how Szechuan dishes developed new lives in Taiwan, but here's the summary:  China's Szechuan region was a stronghold of the Chinese Kuomintang government, before it was overthrown by Mao's Communist Party. The Kuomintang government and its military families fled to Taiwan in 1948-1949, suddenly making up a quarter of Taiwan's population. The Chinese cuisine these people brought fused with existing Taiwanese food traditions. Han Dynasty's owner, Han Chiang, himself comes from one of these military migrant families.
4 After walking past my freshman year dorm and doing the math on just how much older I am than the current residents, I needed a drink. So, thank you, bartender, for the delicious gin based cocktail with cucumber and mint. After the first sip or two, I remembered the original purpose of our visit to Han Dynasty and got down to the business of choosing between several really great sounding menu options.  I decided to go the classic route, ordering fried dumplings to share and an entree of Kung Pao shrimp. The dumplings were awesome and had me wanting a second order, but the Kung Pao was only ok. It wasn't bad by any stretch, but I would have loved an extra kick of heat.  The atmosphere was just right for a fun, but casual, dinner out...like others have noted, it can get loud, but I didn't find it oppressive to having a conversation. All in all, it was a solid place for dinner that I would definitely revisit.
1 Owner is rude. He treated the delivery people so disrespectfully. I felt sorry for them as he belittled them. Terrible. I'll take my business elsewhere.
4 Had a craving for dan dan noodles and read many articles online as well as reviews on yelp before deciding to come here  I was not disappointed. The dan dan noodles are delicious, simple perfection.   We also tried the hot sauce fish which was lovely although not really hot. I would skip the raw garlic topping if I ordered again as the amount overwhelmed my palate even thought I love garlic.  I will be back!
5 This restaurant is wonderful. The food was amazingly delicious. We shared wontons in chili oil, chicken wings, fish pickled chili style and rice noodles. Every bite was delicious. I cannot wait to eat here again. Love, love loved it.
1 This was probably the worst dining experience I've ever had. I was meeting two friends. The host (who is also the manager) harassed us when the third person in our party hadn't showed after 10 minutes. Then, he told us we had to move tables because there was a party of six arriving-- and didn't help us move anything to the other table when we obliged. The food itself was unremarkable. The house rice noodles were close to tasteless, and my friend later got food poisoning from the chicken. The same man returned 5 minutes after we paid to tell us to leave so he could seat someone else (there was no one else). I don't know why he acted so rudely and unprofessionally; it's unheard of to ask customers to leave. As we were leaving, I tried to explain that our dining experience had been unsatisfactory. He responded not by apologizing, but by calling me a liar for saying my friend would arrive "soon" at the beginning of our meal. I told him he would do himself lots of favors by keeping his mouth shut. I can't believe that this man has a job in service. Having worked in service before myself, his attitude is truly appalling. I can promise I won't be back, and I'll definitely be telling other people about this experience. I really feel sorry for this arrogant, uncouth, and condescending man's employees, who even apologized for his behavior.
4 MSG is fine by me. The bar is ugly, the seating can feel a little cramped. Service can feel piss poor sometimes. The reason this place keeps going is their food. That Szechuan chicken/fish/whatever you want is friggen' good. Crispy fried or in a sauce, those peppercorns will make your mouth numb with spicy happiness. I always come here to get my spicy Chinese food fix, and then regret it the morning after. While not a chain, you should think of Han Dynasty as the McDonalds of Chinese food: perhaps rewarding in the moment but not something you should eat every day... or even every week.
1 The dining experience is totally disastrous and the service is bad. One of the waiter had a terrible manner. The mapo tofu was served semi cold and the spicy boiled fish was bad too. I would recommend the Hunan bistro that is located next to it. I would never come to this place again.
3 Went there as a group. Wait wasn't bad for dinner. Inside the music was very loud and we had to shout to speak. We ordered app chicken wings (felt they were overcooked), spicy wonton (were pretty good), pork belly (cold and very salty). As for main dishes hot sauce style fish ( was ok), cumin beef (waaay too much cumin), tofu with pork (was ok), braised chicken (again nothing that special)  and another beef dish. The dishes all felt a little off, like overcooked, too salty or too much spices. For the prices these dishes cost, you can def find better chinese food in the city for half the price
5 This place is really good for its noodles. I ordered the braised beef noodle soup and it tasted amazing. If you aren't into spicy food, I'd really recommend it because the beef was perfectly tender, the broth was very flavorful and the noodles were thick and hearty. The flavor was really good and there were some greens to balance out the meat flavoring. The service was really good especially since I arrived with a big group of about 9 people. There is a big table in the back perfect for larger groups but it's advised that you make a reservation just to make sure you can eat.
2 Not authentic Sichuan food AT ALL. Service was slow and the manager ignored us several times. We ordered some specialities something spicy beef, fish and mapo tofu - turns out the broth/flavor of those three dishes were all the same with the only difference in meat.
4 The wings were my favorite part of the meal. I also ordered all the dishes that were rated 10 on the spicy meter but didn't find them spicy at all... Either way the food was good so it didn't matter but definitely not spicy. The Dan Dan noodles were a bit too greasy for my liking, I'm not sure what all the fuss is about for them. They're good but not something I would travel or come out of my way for. Definitely get the wings though!
5 The best. Consistently fantastic food, excellent value, great service, unpretentious. Go at off hours and stuff yourself with dumplings, meat prepared a hundred ways, tofu, noodles and Tsingtao. You'll walk home feeling like turning around to go back for more.
3 Food here is quite mild compared to most Szechuan restaurants I've been to. My boyfriend and I had that sneaking suspicion when we saw the clientele (re: not Asian) but we thought maybe New Yorkers liked authentic, spicy foods since they're so worldly. Guess not...  Cucumbers: 3.5/5. Surprisingly tasty, and one of the better dishes. Kinda sad when you think about it, since it was literally raw sliced cucumbers in a spicy sauce.   Dan Dan Noodles: 3.5/5. I found these a bit bland but maybe it was because I didn't get very much (if any) of the ground pork.  Dry Pepper Chicken: 3/5 for me, but another person in my party liked this dish the best out of all the ones we tried.   Hot Sauce Style Fish: 4/5. I liked this dish the best, though we accidentally had them make this dish very mild since we weren't sure how spicy the food would be.  Mapo Tofu: 3/5. I found this pretty bland.  Overall food here tasted pretty clean. Music was loud and rave-y. It's a cool place to meet up with friends you're trying to impress, but the food didn't blow my mind. Be wary of wait times. My suggestion is to put your name on the list first and then go shopping nearby at Nordstrom Rack until they text you your table is ready. You're definitely paying for the ambiance here rather than the food.
4 Omg I love this restaurant for 2 things ! The dan dan noodles and the spicy chicken with the pepper. Both are spicy and it's that numbing spice I love !! The restaurant gives really large portions and each dish is around 10-20$.  The wait can be kind of long as people line up but we just got a beer by the bar and waited for our name to be called. The tables are really short on space so expect to have your neighbors listening to your convo but trust me the spicy food is worth it.   We also got the eggplant dish and for 2 people we had so much leftover!  I'll be back!! And I really want to try the beef rolls here
5 Worth the wait.  Definitely a place I'll be back to again and again, and bring hungry friends to (even if it's a little out of the way).  Their chicken is incredibly tender, and the 10* spicy dishes are almost perfect for me (could honestly be a little more). I also really enjoy their scallion pancake, while usually I don't think it's anything special.  You'll have leftovers for sure!
1 Absolutely awful, they want you to eat and leave, they actually asked us if we were finished when we were halfway through our food. Ordered at 6PM, asked at 6.15, said they needed a table!!!   Appetisers of hot oil wantons and scallion pancakes were good, rest of the meal, beef, chicken dishes, were awful.  I noticed there were no Chinese clientele , always an indictor of bad food.  Will never go back.
1 The reason for this rating mainly was the service. The server didn't seem to have cared to help us with the menu and most of all he never once came to see if we needed anything. He never came to refill our empty glasses of water. We had to always call on him if we needed something, which took long since he was the main person taking care of all of the tables. The food on the other hand was ok, a bit too much oil for me. Definitely wouldn't go back due to the way we were treated.
5 Wonderful! Super spicy but can be tailored. Got dry pot beef, dan dan noodles and chicken wings. Could have forgoed the wings because portions are large. Only concern is that the restaurant is too loud. Hard to have a conversation just the two of us
1 I tried Han Dynasty last night and the food was okay and pretty cheap. The restaurant, however, is very chaotic and getting a table is really annoying (not worth it for greasy Chinese food). It is pretty loud and the decor is not great for a date. I also found the staff to be pretty rude and standoffish. I guess they are pretty understaffed
1 Unbelievably rude service. I was rushed to eat and leave instead of enjoy the atmosphere and food.
4 An outstanding bowl of Dan Dan noodles and the lunch special was enough to share! -also right around the corner from my son's NYU dorm! Yikes!
4 I had no idea until recently Han Dynasty wasn't a Philly only thing.  All the food here is amazing, I especially love the wontons in chili oil (starter). Tables are really packed in here- we had about 6 inches between our neighbors on both sides.
5 We went on a Friday night and this place was packed. They play their music super loud so don't take your first date there (you won't communicate anything) :P Jokes apart, I LOVE this place now. Definitely going back. I recommend all the things we had- Fish in hot sauce- Yummy sauce that bursts with flavor. It is not excruciatingly spicy but just right. Bok choy with mushrooms- This is a super light and healthy dish. The freshness of the ingredients actually does the trick I think. Tofu dry pot- Beautifully made, not over done, not too spicy, just right. Scallion pancakes- Okay but that's because I am not a scallion pancake girl. Dan dan noodles- One of the best my friends said. We sat at a communal table but service was pretty great, not slow at all. Don't order cocktails here; it comes doused with sugar syrup. Overall, a reasonable place for excellent food.
3 Han Dynasty:   If you want to check this place out, drop by and give them your number, you will get a text when your table is ready. I really wanted to try some authentic Sichuan cuisine and when I saw the numerous amount of good reviews on yelp, I had to give it a try.   Stepped into the restaurant and the place was packed at 7pm on a Sunday night. We initially wanted to order take out due to the volume of people inside the restaurant but was told that take out will take at least 40 minutes whereas sit in would take 10 minutes. This didn't make any sense at all. But hey since we are here, will give the dine in a try.   Hostess told us a 10 minute wait and 20 minutes later we were still waiting for a table. We told ourself that we will wait 5 more minutes. Then the text hit the phone that they are ready for us.   We were given ice water and tea when we were seated. We order the:  1) Wonton in chili oil: this dish never came out. Our waiter notice our missing dish after the end of our meal. We were practically done with all our food. In the end we cancel this dish.   2) Dan Dan Noodles: this dish was AMAZING. This is a must have. It's cold noodle smothered with peanut butter sauce with a kick to it. It was very spicy and taste great. My only concern is that I wish it had more meat in it.   3) Salt & Pepper Chicken: but where is the chicken ? The batter they use overpower the meat. I felt like i was eating very salty fried dough.  4) Mapo Tofu: all I see is Tofu, seriously where has all the meat gone?   We had to ask for water refill. The waiter seem to be very moody, in regards to our request.
2 Now, don't get me wrong, food is definitely a solid 3 stars especially if it is close to your abode BUT I had a very disappointing experience on the fateful day of Sunday, July 23rd, 2017. First of all, pretty sure our table did not get assigned a waiter when we sat down as the host took our order and the food that we ordered was not entered in the system until we asked where it was an hour after we ordered. I don't want to explain this in full sentences for I shall use bullet points -took an hour for a lemonade to come out -took over an hour for the first dish to come out -20 min later the second dish came out, 10 min after the table next to us (that came in 25 min after) received the exact same dish that we ordered  -when we reached out to inquire out our dishes we were rudely received    I could say more but I won't. Dine at your own risk.
1 I didn't have a chance to eat here because the hostess sat us down at the bar and then, 15 minutes in when we were ignored and waiting to order, a big man came over and kicked us out. He claimed we were seated there accidentally. There were other open seats in the restaurant so we tried to ask for a reason for the confusion and he was so rude; he turned to the staff and said "don't serve these two".  And told us we would have to wait twenty additional minutes to be seated.   This was a weird and awkward encounter. I felt like a criminal. Not sure if this was racially motivated or what but this place is definitely chaotic and the staff need lessons in customer service.
5 I love their dan dan noodle and dry pepper chicken! Very fast serving and nice staff. The place is worth checking out!
4 A colleague of mine recommend Han dynasty. My friend got there at 7pm and was able to get a table for 3 people without any wait. We sat down and ordered drinks right away. For the dishes that we ordered everything was really good, list below.   Dan Dan Noodles- I love noodles, so I also liked these. My friend who doesn't like noodles liked these as well.  Wonton in chili oil- my favorite so so good.  Scallion pancakes- my personal favorite, my friend said she's had better, but I loved them so  Kung pow chicken- I know, very basic. But whatever, this was pretty yummy  a little salty Grilled pork belly - my friend raved about this  By the time we got our food it was packed, therefore service wasn't as prompt. Also tables a little too close to each other, so there were a few times the waiter's butt would be close to my face.   Overall, would be back.
4 Came here on my birthday on Tuesday with my "lady friend".  The food was absolutely phenomenal.  My only complaint about the place is its size.  It's extremely small, so often you'll find yourself sitting elbow to elbow with other patrons.  It also gets pretty loud since its so small and has so many people sitting.  It's definitely worth going for the food alone though.  I will definitely be returning.
5 Had another wonderful experience at Han Dynasty. Just AHMAZING!!! Great food and service :-) Very accommodating for vegetarians too!   Everyone I know Loves this place!
1 I would give this restaurant zero stars but you can't do that delivering food from this place is a bitch you order food and they said the food is ready it's not and you have to wait another 30 mins for the food I will never come back here for another delivery
4 The chicken wings are to die for, definitely order them! The other dishes are average. The lychee drink wasn't too great.
5 Was there over the July 4th weekend, best Chinese Food I've ever had.  They accommodated 14 of us (not he easiest group in the world) and everything was good.  Standouts we're the Lamb with Chives, Dry Pot Chicken, and Wontons in Chili Sauce, and Dan Dan Noodles.  There were several other good things but can't remember anymore with all the good stuff we had.
4 It's not easy for a Szechuan/Sichuan restaurants to stand out and franchise in a city with so many of them.  But Han Dynasty found a pretty good recipe so bravo.  Many of their dishes are very good, authentic, and delicious. And spicy. But it wasn't perfect.  1. The music was playing a little unnecessarily loudly at the location the night I was there; 2. The dry pot style was a little meh; 3. The crispy rice style, fish, was a little too sweet.  Overall though the food was great.
2 We got a few different dishes ranging in heat level from 3-8 and nothing was really spicy. So we ordered a level 10 and the sharp spike in spiciness between that and the 8 was pretty jarring. It finally did the trick, though. We ordered at least one dish with Szechuan peppercorns, but didn't notice their particular flavor whatsoever. The pickled vegetables were pretty good. It also felt like the type of place that you have to order a lot of dishes to make it worth it. Went on a Sunday around 4PM and it was empty, which was great for me.
5 I really love Han Dynasty and was a fan of it in Philadelphia, and continue to enjoy eating there in NYC. I'll say that the food isn't extremely spicy, but you can customize to your preference.   It's pretty popular and the restaurant isn't that big, so for dinner there is often a wait. Lunch was a lot less crowded. Service is fine, atmosphere is fine.   Food favorites:  - Dan Dan Noodles (noodles cooked perfectly) - Wontons in Chili Oil - Hot Sauce Style Fish (fish is so soft, sauce is delicious - they'll even pack it up for you to take home...you could definitely make something else with that sauce)  - Three Cup Chicken: pieces of chicken that are sweet/salty, but not in an overly Americanized way; very unique dish that I haven't had anywhere else  - Wonton in Chicken Broth: the wontons are ok, but the broth is delicious and has a white pepper spiciness to it
5 Got lucky and didn't have to wait at all. Sat at the bar. Amazing food!!! Got the dumplings (OMG), dan dan noodles and the kung pao chicken. Large portions, amazing, fresh taste and great prices. So happy they're on postmates!
4 This is American-style Chinese food, which means it was sal-taaayyy. Is it what I consider good authentic Chinese food? Not precisely (hard to compete with mom's cooking), but it was delish, and it IS good American-style Chinese food. (Those college-night-drunken-greasy-american-chinese-takeout boxes probably can't compete. and if they can, you need to tell me where you order take-out from kthanksbye.)  This location is pretty crowded, small space, rather loud, packed. FYI. Probably don't do what we did, which was have a group of 7... groups of 2-4 are better.  Details: party of 7 @ 730pm. we got the tasting menu, $30. Including the appetizers, that was over 13 dishes. Really great value because it was delicious, had lots of variety, and resulted in yummy leftovers. If you have a group of extremely hungry people, go with the tasting menu, and specify your spiciness level to the waiter.  Appetizers: The dan-dan noodles. you must eat the noodles. The classic scallion pancake, some other dishes like sliced beef and spicy cucumber (don't knock it 'til you've tried it). Wontons. Dumplings. There was also chicken wings, which...was meh, in comparison to everything else. Do not waste valuable stomach real estate on the chicken wings. Save it for the Dan Dan noodles.  Dishes: Standouts include cumin lamb. Dry pepper chicken. So. Much. There was every kind of meat...pork, lamb, beef, chicken, in various forms. and fish. Fried battered shrimp which was meh.  Verdict: Would come here again, particularly if I had friends in town who liked American Chinese food. If your group is really hungry and can take leftovers home, consider the tasting menu.
4 Pretty delicious Chinese food that tastes ~authentic~. Ordered the fish dry pot and cold noodles in chili oil. The noodles were a tad bit too sweet for my taste, but the fish dry pot was amazing -- tasted just like dad's home cooking :')  Came here around 10pm on a Sunday and the service was incredibly speedy. The food was out maybe five minutes, perhaps less, after we ordered.
4 Great Chinese! Great service! Manager hands on! A little noisy at Times but then it ebbs and flows. We ordered so many dishes so we tried everything and all was outstanding!! New York Chinese is best!! Dumplings! Shrimp were the big suckers! Spice just right!! Share portions!!!
5 Shoutout to the manager!! (At least I think he's the manager...?) I've been here a few times in the past month, and I'm always greeted by this man who wears a black blazer and big smile on his face. I've always loved Han Dynasty for the food- seriously, it's something special and super accommodating to my vegan dietary restrictions- but this particular employee has just made a great impression every time I've seen him. We had dinner at 9pm on a Thursday night (super busy) and this guy was so accommodating- sensed that we might want more rice before we even looked up, and there he was with extra rice, chili oil just in case, and a very pleasant attitude despite how busy it was around him! We came in with a piece of luggage that definitely wasn't going to fit by the table and without hesitating he helped us to stash it out of the way. Managers don't get enough credit. This guy is awesome. Great service + delicious = 5 stars
5 Really bomb Szechuan food in Manhattan. The wait can sometimes be 2 hours, but it's only during dinner time. They allow you to sit on the bar if you don't mind though.   The beef noodle soup is my favorite dish here. Beef was extremely tender, and the broth was perfect. Their chicken dishes and beef dishes are also a must try!
5 One of my all time favorite and go to places for spicy Szechuan food.  Love the fast service and no nonsense attitude of the staff.  Cumin lamb, scallion pancakes and dan dan noodles are a must try!
4 I ordered this via takeout and was quite impressed. Most food was a little on the spicy side, and pretty saucy. I would recommend trying it. They have s pretty wide array of options on the menu. I don't think you'll be disappointed. Enjoy!
5 I love this restaurant, it is my favorite Chines food in Manhattan.   As for the non-food items, the waitstaff is friendly and speaks english quite well. The restaurant is clean and has a great ambiance.  As for the food... Wontons in Chili Oil and the Dan Dan Noodles are non-negoitble if you like spicy food. They are absolutely incredible, for being such simple dishes, they have complex flavors and are made to perfection! You can't go wrong with any of the entrees or specials, but the wontons and noodles are too good to pass up!
3 Ate here last week, and the food was great.  If i were rating just the food it would have gotten 5 stars, but we were sitting close to the servers station and i saw the busboys repeatedly handle the newly washed chopsticks on the end that people use to pick up their food and put in their mouths.  Hopefully this review will prompt management to change that practice.
4 all i'm gonna say is : TRY THEIR DAN DAN MIEN its delicious !1111!!!1!! just a bit crowded..
4 Busy Chinese spot. Came here during a summer food festival and it was sweltering hot out. I happened to just have finished my classes at Midtown and was seriously craving for mean mean mean carbs.   Imagine that combination! Of course I had chicken stir fried rice noodles and yummy dishes kept on passing by me as I was seated at the quaint bar. I had to order again but I was getting full!   Anyway, I ordered stir fried shrimp rice noodles. Boy was it delish but i was only able to take a couple of spoonfulls coz I was so full.   I had it to go! No problemo. Hahaha would love to bring friends here for the group dishes
5 Even though their name could be Handy Nasty (HanDynasty), their food is anything but nasty.  One of the best Chinese restautants in the city.  Beautifully spicy while having multi-layered flavors, non-spicy dishes are equally delicious. Good wine list, and great beer selection.  LOVE THIS PLACE!
5 Holy peppercorns, Batman! This place looks like a bit of a hole-in-the-wall, but this was genuinely some of the best Chinese food I've had in New York!  If you're an adventurous eater (or just someone who likes good food in general) the beef tripe is NOT to be missed. It also goes without saying that the Dan Dan noodles are literal crack.   It's loud, close quarters, and service is pretty bare-bones, but everything was fast, came out hot, and was just what we needed after a long week!
4 Han Dynasty has delicious Chinese food perfect for eating family style. Consequently, I recommend going here with friends. The Dan Dan Mien is savoury as are the minced pork string beans. The Kung Pao chicken is a bit too salty for my taste, but it has great spicy flavours. The spicy oil wantons and scallion pancakes are excellent. The scallion pancakes are thin and crispy. I thoroughly enjoyed dining at this restaurant. I definitely recommend it!
5 One of my favorite restaurants in all of NYC! It's very busy but worth the wait!  Must try the Dan Dan Noodles and the Dry Pot Style!
5 Oh my god the food is soo good. Well worth the waiting time which can exceed an hour even on weekdays. The dan dan noodles are amazing and you can't find better dan dan noodles in the city. A must have would be the dry fried chicken and hot sauce style pork!! Too die for!
2 This is going to be my default policy. If you charge me 20% automatic gratuity at the end without letting me know beforehand, I'll give you 2 stars on yelp. Sorry not sorry.  I've been a long time costumer of Han Dynasty all the way since their early days in Philadelphia suburbs. I'm a huge fan of their hot sauce style fish and dan dan noodles. But I see the quality isn't the same as it used to be. It feels like every other generic Chinese restaurant. Lost its authenticity. Please bring it back!
1 DISAPPOINTING, UNFRIENDLY, FRAUDULENT. The food is disappointing. The waiter was MEAN. And they are fraudulent with credit card.  Han Dynasty origins in Philadelphia, with authentic Sichuan food, cooked with authentic pepper and spice. This one, HOWEVER, totally fast food quality. I order the same thing that was on Philadelphia menu, but when I saw the dish, I totally didn't recognize it. I don't know what it is. It was supposed to be chicken in chili oil but I am sure Sichuan people will find it humiliating how they dare to call THAT chicken in chili oil. The sauce tastes cheap and poorly made. It tasted even worse than Chinese fast food chain. Also, in the real authentic chili oil chicken, there is no peanut. My friend had peanut allergy so I made sure we avoided peanut stuff when we order dishes. When I saw the unauthentic dish with peanuts blended throughout the dish. I immediately told the waiter. He said it's my fault I didn't tell him we had allergy and refused to do anything about it. But in chili oil chicken there is generally no peanut and not supposed to have any nuts. How could I have predicted this unauthentic alteration? The soup was full of artificial spice wei jing as well. Very disappointed. The waiter started arguing with me and I had a very unpleasant meal. So I tipped around 13%-14%(credit card). And I have clear handwriting. But when I saw my credit card bill, I found out that they change the tip number on their own to whatever they think they deserve. Is that even legal that restaurant changes the tip amount on their own without my permission?  照片是口水鸡 我没拌过 上来就长这样 谁家口水鸡长这样？
5 Popped in here on a recommendation for great noodles at an affordable price. I am seriously impressed at how great their wontons and Dan Dan noodles are! Can't wait to come back!
4 Came here on a Friday night and had about a 45~ minute wait. After I was seated, I quickly perused Yelp reviews on what to order and it looked like Dan Dan noodles were a must. The girls sitting next to me saw that I was fumbling through the menu and they agreed that if this was my first time here, that I *must* order the Dan Dan noodles. I ordered those noodles and the dry pepper chicken which is supposed to be super spicy. The food came out almost instantaneously-- we waited probably less than five minutes.   Now I've never had Dan Dan noodles before, but it was a very heavy peanut buttery taste. A little too overpowering for my personal taste. Along with that, the dry pepper chicken was very flavorful but a little too salty for my taste.  The flavors in these dishes both were very overpowering so if you enjoy strong flavors, this is the place for you.
5 I always leave this place SO HAPPY. The food is amazing, no matter what you get, and the service is always kind, professional and prompt.   I'd recommend scallion style with beef or tofu (my boyfriend always complains about ordering tofu, except with this dish, as well as the Dan Dan noodles and dry fry chicken. And pea leaves with garlic. And dumplings. And scallion pancakes. Whatever you choose, you won't go wrong.
4 So what if it's trendy, the lines long on weekend evenings, and filled with hipster/foodies prepared to instagram the night away? Han Dynasty serves up consistently delicious Sichuan fare.   Dan dan noodles to start are a must. The wait staff mix the fresh noodles and creamy, spicy sauce tableside. The menu designates this as one of the medium-spicy options, but my husband - normally spice-sensitive - packs these noodles away like spaghetti and red sauce. Portions are large enough to share with 3-4 friends.  My personal favorite is the mapo tofu, which comes with smooth cubes of creamy tofu in a peppery red chili oil, flecked with flavorful bits of ground pork. I always have leftovers to take home, and the spicy flavors only improve overnight.   A great place for a fun night out, or to grab and go.
5 Double cooked fish (5 stars): this might be our favorite dish here. We've gotten it nearly every time we've eaten here. Super crispy breading around perfectly tender fish every time, paired with slightly sweet leeks in an umami-packed chili sauce.  Beef and tripe appetizer (5 stars): also one of our favorites. Paper thin slices of fatty beef and tender tripe, combined with mouth numbing chili sauce and roasted peanuts.  Beef noodle soup (4.5 stars): this dish came sooo close to perfection, but the noodles were unfortunately overcooked. Everything else about it evoked comfort food with each bite: savory, beefy, spicy broth, along with extremely tender and generously portioned beef.  Mapo tofu (4.5 stars): not as spicy as the other dishes but definitely one of the better versions around. Tofu is soft, and the sauce is meaty, perfect to mop up with rice.   Dan dan noodles (3.5 stars): to their credit, it is a rather large portion of noodles. But it could use more pork and more sesame in the sauce.  Service-4 stars. Quick and to the point. Lots of seating, good for groups. They'll also open the windows for some fresh city air when the weather permits.
5 I don't usually prefer Szechuan cuisine but this restaurant was excellent. Everything came out perfectly prepared and request for the degree of spiciest was easily granted. Nice atmosphere if a tad loud.
5 If you want authentic and reliable than look no further. Han Dynasty is the best Sichuan in NYC! Everything I have had on their menu is great but you cannot leave with out trying these three things..   One, Wontons (or dumplings) in chili oil- they will literally melt in you mouth. Not spicy, i guarentee everyone will enjoy them.   Two, Scallion pancake- Han makes my favorite scallion pancake. So light and thin with huge flavor. The dipping sauce is also to die for. Get extra!  And three, the pièce de résistance- Dan Dan noodles. Words cannot describe how good their dan dan noodles are. I literally crave this meal all the time.   Please go!
4 I have to say, I find Han Dynasty's universal appeal both admirable and amusing. You'd think its proximity to NYU would label it as just the stereotypical college go-to Chinese place, but the food is both good and nice enough (no overly greasy Tso's here) that non-students gladly flock here too. After a quick look at the menu you might think it's a tad too authentic to enter the mainstream restaurant scene (how often do you see chile oil beef tendons? Chengdu mung bean noodles?), yet there're plenty of choices for those looking for the more usual Chinese-American fare too. Han does a lot of things well in a setting that's neither too fancy nor too dingy, and it keeps people coming back.  My friends love Han but they're not as accustomed to the more 'exotic' dishes, so we went with Taiwanese sausage fried rice, fried dumplings, dry pepper fish, and shrimp lo mein. Everything was fantastic. I'm not even a fan of fried rice OR Taiwanese sausage, yet I devoured my portion and wished there were more. The dumplings and lo mein were both awesome, and the fish was my favorite. It was actually really salty, but I willingly overlooked that because the fry on it was unbelievable.   Even with a couple of drinks thrown in the bill came out very reasonable. Around us sat all kinds of people - elderly couples, college students, frat guys, regular adults, of all ethnicities and ages - and maybe it's just because where I'm from, no one eats at relatively traditional Chinese places except Chinese people, but it made me really happy to see such diversity here. I know Han isn't THE most authentic place ever, but still. The place is doing something right!
3 The standard really seems to have dropped since I last came here four years ago. The atmosphere is pretty terrible - the lighting is dim and the restaurant plays tub-tub-thumping music to get you to finish your food more quickly. Think Top 40 EDM remixes with the occasional foghorn in there.  The proportions in the food were all a little off, and sometimes I would get a bite of too much of something. For example, in the pork belly buns, the thin spread of chopped peanuts was good - until it became more like a glob in a certain sections and got overwhelming. Same with the dan dan noodles - I tasted a distinct tahini taste in certain mouthfuls. Don't get me wrong - the food came out super quickly, but I think quality and consistency has been sacrificed.
5 Bold statement: this is the best Chinese food I've ever had??  Haven't tried a dish that didn't make my eyes POP out of my head in disbelief. If you can handle spice, then start with an order of the wontons in chili oil. Actually, two orders. Move onto to Dan-Dan noodles, and don't pass up on scallion pancakes... as if you would.
4 I've been to a lot of Szechwan style restaurants and usually have a bad experience as everything has the exact same overpowering spicy taste. This place actually has an assortment of flavor without the spicy numbing feeling only. We came here for a friend's birthday- she's from Canada and requested this place while visiting! (As she comes here Everytime she gets to visit NYC) We ordered a ton of dishes: dumplings with chili oil, peppered string beans, spicy tofu with fish, spicy chicken wings, lamb with cumin spice, peppered beef and dan dan noodles. Everything was great! The only reason they're getting 4 stars instead of 5 is due to the mediocre service.
5 The prices are a bit steep compared to regular Chinese restaurants but you're paying for the quality. There's a reason why the line goes around the block at times! Everyone has their own preference in taste but I don't think I can find 1 person who can complain about the dan dan noodles or their wings. Best wings in town!!!
3 Got my order wrong, literally brought me someone else's dish and waited till I had some before telling me, offered me mine but said I'd have to pay for both, told them no, obviously annoyed, and they brought me a shot of warm well vodka to, what? Say sorry? Ugh...
3 Food is great but they need to get their act together.  I routinely have to wait 15-20 minutes past my estimated wait time for takeout.   I understand the kitchen is busy, but if you are going to offer takeout, get it together.
5 I ordered delivery through Caviar. I ordered beef ramen, dan dan noodles, pork dumplings, and beef rolls. Everything had a ton of flavor, the beef was extremely tender, and the delivery was fast. I would recommend dining in over delivery because all of the fees and delivery tip came out to $15 extra through Caviar. That's enough for a whole other entree.
4 Came here with a loud and rowdy group of over 30 people for a birthday party. Being the seasoned NYC restauranteur I am I was fully prepared to be treated like filth and turned away, but the staff was actually super helpful, accommodating, and the food was excellent.  We had the cucumber,s the scallion pie, the chicken wings (my least favorite of the bunch) and OF COURSE the Don Don noodz (sp intentional). They completely lived up to the hype, so come ready.  Even better, the spot is open till 3 am so you're almost always guaranteed to be able to get your noodle fix after a night of skullduggery.  Go here
5 Let me preface this review by saying I'm Chinese and I live in Chinatown. Yet I still find myself making my way uptown just to eat Han Dynasty. There's nothing like it in Chinatown. Yes it's a bit pricier but it's so worth it.   I never fail to order these 2 things at Han. The Dan Dan noodles ($8.95) are a must and the scallion pancakes ($4.95). Then for entree, you can't go wrong with anything on their menu but my favorite is the double cooked style fish ($18). I've tried a lot of different dishes but that one is the real winner. Ooo the spicy chili wontons are good too!   The service here is swift and I love it. If you order the Dan Dan noodles, it comes out 30 seconds later. I'm not exaggerating! Then your entree comes right after. It's like Santa's workshop back there in the kitchen!   The food here really makes me happy. I'm actually glad it's not in Chinatown or else it would be way too accessible. Love it here! Keep up the great work guys!
5 I love this place! I used to frequent the one in Philly and was so happy to hear they opened one in NYC. Everything is delicious. And when they say spicy, it's really spicy. My favs are double cooked fish, fish in chilly oil, dan dan noodles, wonton in chilly oil...cold cucumber, cumin lamb. and must have cold beer with them. It is worth the wait.
3 I wish I could have liked it more.  Went shortly after the East Village opening.  Food was good (Chinese! Spicy! What's not to love?) but the MSG was far too strong.  Ended up with a numb tongue and buzzing head immediately after I ate.
4 This place is popular so expect some wait. Even though I don't like spicy food, I still manage to order something here. The food tastes great, good vegetables and tender meat. There is sauce but not the gross thick brown sauce you usually get in takeout Chinese. Portions are family-style so order accordingly.
1 I walked in and asked for a table for 2. There were at least 6 open tables scattered throughout the restaurant. The host looked at a table and acted as if we would be seated. Then an older woman came up and without even looking at the list rudely exclaimed "2 HOURS!"  When I looked puzzled the (actually nice) host apologized, but said that he had to follow her instructions. She offered no excuse except to say that there were "large groups" coming in, and also offered no apologies.   I have been to Han Dynasty several times and have  enjoyed the food and atmosphere, and have wanted to bring groups of friends here as well. However after this experience I will not be back.
3 TL;DR: we were quoted a 25 min wait that ended up being over an hour, with another 15 min wait after we got a confirmation text. FAKE NEWS  I came with friends on a Friday night and it was ridiculously packed. The wait was so long and we put our name down and came back when they texted us our table was ready, but then it wasn't and we stood around for forever before finally being seated.   We ordered the vegetarian Mapo tofu, Dan Dan noodles and a spicy chicken dish. Mapo tofu: 3/5. Veggie version lacked flavor - which is really too bad, bc the vegetarian tofu from NYT recipe is very flavorful, showing that vegetarian Mapo tofu doesn't have to be flavorless. There just wasn't much depth to the spiciness. Dan dan noodles: 3/5. Also very heavy on peanut without the meat to balance it out. I think the problem is that Han Dynasty doesn't adjust their recipe to be meatless by adjusting ratios of spices, adding complementary veggies, etc. Instead, they just take out the meat, which means the overall flavor is skewed.  Overall, the wait was too long and the food was too meh to come back.
4 This restaurant is awesome, but only if you are a big fan of spicy food. I have gone to the Philly location a few times and loved it. I came to the East Village location with two wimps (just kidding, but they are when it comes to spice). They didn't seem to be overwhelmed with their orders, while I wolfed down my meal.   We got the panfried potstickers to split, always a solid classic and the dipping sauce did not disappoint. I got the dry pot style with chicken. This was amazing. It came out in a metal pan on top of a lit fire. It was literally lit. Perfectly spicy and the chicken was really tender. My friends got the kung pao chicken and the rice noodles with chicken. So we didn't get to dan dan noodles or dry pepper style/ma po tofu. I feel like I can't write a proper review without tasting those, so I'll have to edit one day soon!
5 We think this is our 75th time eating at Han Dynasty in either Philly or  NYC. If I get capital punishment and the chair, this is my last meal. The good news is that the Lower East Side location is more authentically Philly Han style because I was told the chef was trained in Philly. The Upper west side restaurant is good too, but that chef takes too many liberties with Philly standards and the food is not as spicy there. Tonight we ate so much food at Han we took home 6 take home containers (for 2 people!). A++ = dan dan noodles, steamed chili dumplings, pickled style shrimp, lamb cumin, pea shoots (my #1 item), and my new bestie - the pickled veggies...next time I am ordering 3 servings to take home. Han is the BOMB, and spicy. Don't dare ask for chicken fried rice. Han would throw you out of his (many) restaurants. Not kidding. I hear he is coming to Brooklyn! Anyone who does not like Han Dynasty has no taste buds. If you hate spice, stay home.
4 The food is AMAZING here, but the music is terrible and also loud. It literally sounds like a club, which makes no sense to me because why do I wanna scream that I want dan dan noodles? Although they are worth screaming about bc they are delicious! I don't even like spicy food, but it really wasn't bad at all. Their spice scale is kind of off tho, bc my boyfriend ordered one of the wok dishes but asked for it to be less spicy. Can't remember the number, but it was lower than the dan dan noodles, and it turned out to be significantly hotter than the noodles. I got basic beef fried rice and it was sooo good!! I'd come again for takeout, but definitely not eating in again.
1 DO NOT GO TO THIS RESTAURANT!!! I have never given a one star to any business before, and this is the first one in my life. I ordered food, but didn't get any food. What I got was such a disgusting experience that made me barely could digest anything.   It was yesterday. I called this place called Han Dynasty to make an order. The lady who picked up the phone couldn't hear me at all because of how noisy it was in the restaurant(Guys, think about the noise level). Then she put me on hold like forever, talking to other people.   I had to hang up and I made an online order through ChowNow. Then I walked to the restaurant to ask how long should I wait before I go to pick it up, since absolutely phone calls didn't work.   When I arrived at the restaurant, the lady at the reception desk seemed pretty busy, so I approached a male waiter who was near the reception desk. I said "Sir, I made an online order. Could you let me know how long I have to wait for it?" The waiter asked me "what's your name?" I said my name, and he replied "ah?", so I said it again, but he still had a surprising face. Then I realized that he was not able to understand my name, since my name was a Chinese name that only people who knew Chinese probably could understand. I knew that no matter how many times I said my name to this waiter, he would never understand. So I just honestly said to him that "you cannot understand my name because you don't know Chinese." Very surprisingly, he said "you don't have to yell at me." Then he pulled out a list of orders from ChowNow and kept saying to me, "you have to give me your name. That was very rude. Give me your name. Give me your name."   I was speechless. First, I didn't yell at all. My voice was very soft because I grew up in Chinese culture as a woman and girls really had a lower voice in China than girls in the U.S. I mean I was not able to yell. I always tried my best to make myself heard because people had difficulty hearing me in this country, not to mention it was that noisy in the restaurant. Second, I came in as a customer being told by a waiter that my behavior was very rude, and he kept saying "give me your name" in a manner that I felt being pushed very much. I thought a waiter's responsibility was to serve customers instead of judging or lecturing them.   I had no choice but show him my ID card to show my name. He finally found my order after refreshing the page and told me the waiting time was 45 minutes. I said "thank you very much" and then I walked out of the suffocating place.   I found a starbucks to charge my phone and wait for the order at the same time. After 45 minutes, when I was about to leave to pick up my order, I just checked my email to see if there was any notification saying that the order was ready. Instead of an order ready notification, what I got was an email telling me Han Dynasty cancelled my order. What?! They didn't even ask me and just cancelled my order! No phone calls or text to inform me of that. I checked the time the email was sent out, and I realized my order was cancelled at the moment I was about to leave the restaurant.   OMG! I waited for 45 minutes for nothing. I made an order. What I got was a lecture of how rude was and my order cancelled by the restaurant.   Jesus! I went to a Chinese food restaurant but got such a bad experience basically because I was Chinese and I had a Chinese name that the waiter couldn't understand, and I had a low voice so I had to try hard to make myself heard, which was considered yelling by the waiter. Even all these I was about to endure. However,   DO NOT CANCEL MY ORDER WITHOUT ASKING ME!!!
5 Fantastic meal!  I had to force myself to stop eating because it was so good.  I recommend the Dumplings in Chili Oil (just the right amount of spiciness), Mapo Tofu with Minced Pork (the tofu simply melted in my mouth), and the Dry Pot style with Chicken was AMAZING.  It was one of the best meals I've ever tasted.
1 Worst cold noodles I have ever had, bad service, I took my friends here and now they think less of me.
5 Best Chinese food in NYC!! Had the dry pepper style shrimp, chicken wings, Dan Dan noodles and the bokchoy and mushroom. Went there for lunch and dinner on the day I discovered it! Gained like 5 pounds that day because I couldn't stop eating.
1 Charming experience that started with a menu that didn't have much information about the dishes, continued with a waiter who guffawed at our question about the menu like we were stupid, went on with sub-par entrees served over Fibonacci rice (you know - rice from yesterday mixed with rice from the day before yesterday). We asked for the check when our plates were more than half full and paid 40$ for the pleasure. The waiter just asked if everything was ok. No, it's not - would people return this much food if it was good? Won't be coming back.
4 SOLID place. I've been here numerous times. Dine in or take out, have all been stellar. Our favorite dishes are the green beans, the dan dan noodles, sesame noodles and the spicy chicken! SO GOOD! Wish we lived in the area :)
1 Didn't get to try the food because the music was the loudest I've ever encountered in a restaurant-as loud as a dance floor. Weird because only 4 tables were occupied. The people at 2 of them were very drunk and were screaming at each other to be head; the people at the other 2 were sitting in sullen silence.  Within two blocks of Han Dynasty there were 3 young men lying on the sidewalk in front of 3 separate bars, passed out drunk, their friends kind of standing watch over them. It's 26 degrees out.  So this is kind of a depressing atmosphere altogether .
3 This place is ok. 3 stars for great service and the noodles were tasty. pepper chicken was good but overall mediocre food. I just did not get the hype.
4 I can rarely eat the food here because I'm not fit for spicy foods, but this is a great place to dine with friends in a family-style setting. I've come on separate occasions with different groups of friends who feel slightly adventurous, and they've all enjoyed the dishes  I always suggest the following and they've always been a group pleaser: Dan Dan Noodles Ma Po Tofu Cucumber App
5 Came here for a late night dinner. Food was spicy but it was really good and flavorful.
4 Wednesday lunch, group of 11 with reservation -Dry pepper chicken, delicious and crispy  -Dan Dan noodles with pork
5 It's popular for a reason. One of the best in NYC for authentic Szechuan cuisine. Dry pepper chicken, Dan Dan noodles, mapo tofu, everything in the menu is damn good. Hurts the stomach with the spice but it's all worth it.
4 I really enjoyed my time at Han Dynasty.  I learned from my friend that Han Dynasty is actually sort of a chain, a transplant from Philadelphia, and that there are actually two Han Dynasties here in New York: this one, and one far up on the UWS.  Came here for Chinese New Year on January 28th, so predictably it was super crowded, and even though I got here as early as 5:40 PM, there was like a 30 minute wait (or longer). The people who run the place are not Chinese, and the clientelle is a healthy mix of both Chinese and non Chinese people. It seems that this place is generally super crowded, and they don't take reservations for parties smaller than 8, which is kind of difficult and makes this place annoying. Try to get here early if you want to get seats, because this place is pretty popular.  My time was misquoted, so I actually had to wait longer than the staff member originally cited me for. So, we wound up eating at the bar instead of a table, which was perfectly fine. We ordered four dishes, including the dry pepper chicken, spicy boiled fish (not in soup), beans (四季豆) and a noodle shrimp dish.   I thought everything was really good, and I especially liked the chicken and the fish. They don't do the whole mala thing here, so the taste is very slightly westernized, but even as a gen-you-ine chink I appreciate this immensely, since I hate peppercorns.  The place is a little expensive and the crowded nature of it kind of turns me off, but otherwise this is quite a nice place to get Sichuanese style Chinese food, and I'll definitely be back.
4 They make the perfect spice, sweet, salty combo on their dishes...cucumber and dan dan noodles is soo good and the chicken with chilis!!
1 The food is amazing but the host is terrible and doesn't care about customer service. I came in to place a to go order. It was quite busy and she told me it would take 25 mins which I was okay with. We sat at the bar and ordered a drink while we waited. After waiting 40 mins I decided to ask her if the food was ready. That's when she pulled the bag from behind the booth and handed it to me. When I asked why she didn't tell me it was ready since I was at the bar (which is like 5 feet away) her response was "I can't remember everyone's order" with attitude. I was livid as I waited longer than I needed. She needs to be retrained, that's not appropriate customer service.
4 Good food and they bring it out so quickly. Good price too. Only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because the menu seemed a bit limited, in the sense that they weren't so open to altering something on the menu.
4 Came here on a unusually warm Sunday evening of a winter holiday weekend. Firstly, there is very little wiggle room in this establishment. The bar is small, basic and includes a TV... The hostess is relatively quick checking you in,  taking your cell phone number,  so you are not held hostage waiting for your table.  The staff on a whole  could be a little more professional. For instance, the cups of water were never filled, leaving the table with room temperature water to accompany abnormally spicy food. The server did not even ask if we wanted to take the left-overs or offer desert. There is no real place to wait for seating and the bar seats are taken over by people looking to eat, without waiting for a table. The restaraunt's customer base seems to be a primarily young crowd. They offer communal seating at regular tables, which is a little weird but might cut down your wait time. Who wants to sit at a table with strangers?  The menu is easy to navigate. The staff is some what  friendly and they did come back to check on the table. The food comes to the table quickly and hot in temperature/spice and plentiful with flavor. We did specifically ask for brown rice and they brought white rice.  As for the food, it is way above average; the  Dan Dan Noodles and Dumplings in Chili Oil are must have appetizers. The Dry Pot Style Shrimp was flavorful and had a nice kick .. The  Sticky Rice To-Fu, which was my favorite, is a fabulous vegetarian option. lt is brought table with the rice separate and the server adds the other ingredients. Han Dynasty is a refreshing surprise, in that is different than  your typical traditional Chinese restaurant menu.   The food is extremely close to 5 stars , the service is spot on 3 stars. The ambiance is cool; there's music and there and  just enough lighting to see the menu. The dining room and restrooms were clean and orderly. The staff could be a little less obvious that their main focus, is to efficiently turn the tables over. The prices are very reasonable.
3 Great food!  But avoid Doordash delivery service. It stinks. My order was way late even though Han Dynasty got it out on time. Han Dynasty should drop Doordash.   Maps Tofu is the best.
1 Terrible service. I placed an online order well ahead time for pickup and got a confirmation. When I arrived to pick it up I was told it wasn't ready yet. It was only after I asked several times when it would be ready that the host told me she had forgotten to put my order in. After she put it in I waited another 20 mins (though she told me it would be half that). The food is good, but not good enough to make up for the service. I'll be taking my business elsewhere.
4 For soup dumplings, this place is decent. I have tried all 3 of their soup dumplings (pork, pork with crab meat, pork with truffle). All have a lot of juice inside the dumplings, but overall, they were a bit disappointing. The pork one was a bit bland, with or without the vinegar but especially so without it. I did like the pork with truffle as it had the most flavor, but it was double the cost of the pork.  The steamed watercress and shrimp dumpling, while it was very visually pleasing because of the translucent green, the taste was also bland.   For food, I would give a 3/5 rating, but their customer service was great. Even though we didn't choose to dine in, the staff offered tea and water while we waited outside for takeout. Thus, the 4/5.
5 These buns were so delicious. The tiny buns are so cute and pillowy soft. The man at the front was also really kind and friendly. Hoping I can come back to try some more dishes from here soon!
5 The shrimp dumplings were wonderful! All of the food options we ordered were delicious. Service was great and the covid precautions taken made my group feel safe!
1 I'm not sure why this restaurant gets such great reviews. I found it completely mediocre bordering on bad. The service was bad and the dim sum was worse. I felt bad bringing my parents here for such an underwhelming experience.
4 This is the spot for the best Shanghai food in Chinatown. Always hot green tea waiting on the table. The food is delicious. The meat pie is pretty good, same with some of the chow mein dishes. I will be going back regularly.
5 I came here during the weekday and it was surprisingly busy. The food was amazing. Probably the best Chinese food I've had. Service was great. Overall a really good experience.
5 Food delicious, I ate a fish and white rice and tea $ 17.00 I had half of my food to go. My dish was from the menu, a spicy fish fillet Szechuan style.but they have a special lunch menu for 6.50 any dish from a list it comes with soup and white rice. This special menu is at lunch from Monday through Friday ONLY!.
3 In the spirit of the fact I had been craving Chinese food, at the suggestion of a coworker, I gave this joint a try. If you want light reading, it will not come in the form of this review, so please be patient with me as I sort this out.  I ordered three items (always a benefit if they take credit cards, which they do), the shrimp dumplings, the pork soup dumplings, and a roast pork lo mein with no vegetables. The total is pretty good ($26), and the presentation too, so you will not find the food messy should you decide to order this as takeout.   The shrimp dumplings are too undercooked. The shrimp is fine, but the exterior dough could have used more time. It is too sticky and caused some of the filling to be rather tedious to eat. Maybe this is better eaten in house.  I used my learning experience from Joe's Shanghai to not make a mess of the pork soup dumplings, but I guess I learned very little, because my first dumpling made a mess, but not on me! The dumpling is tasty, but again, I would have rather ate this indoors rather than as takeout.  The lo mein feel more like stir fry udon noodles rather than lo mein noodles. The noodles are very thick; the pork is rather salty. In fact, the entire dish tastes quite salty. I went through a lot of water to make this dish go down. I do not know if I would order this again because of how much soy sauce was used in this dish. It definitely felt like a lot.  In the end, I feel this works on an adequate level, but I think this works even better if you eat this in house over take out.
5 I live nearby and any time I want some good food I come here! Service is good and so is the quality of food. If I had to give recommendations I'd say: soup dumplings (any kind but crab/pork is the best), Szechuan style wontons (spicy), fried tiny buns with pork (safe choice), steamed vegetable dumplings, and the General Tso's chicken (better than the classic one you imagine...REALLY good.)  Go support!
5 My first time here. I loved the xiaolongbao. Full of so much soup and none of the skins burst.   I felt really safe dining inside here. They definitely removed some tables to space out people. Disposable everything, including a disposable tablecloth.   Cash only or American Express.
5 The food here is actually the best. All the servers are nice, and waiting didn't take very long. So many people line up for this place. It's crazy! I recommend the soup dumplings and Sichuan wontons. I will definitely come again.
5 I went to 21 Shanghai on a weekend afternoon with three friends. Food was super flavorful, customer service was great, and COVID measures were well implemented, from having temperature scanned at entry, to having easy access to hand sanitizer.  I had the mapo tofu, Singapore style fried noodles,  and Enoki mushrooms with sautéed watercress. My friends had these as well as these Xiaolongbao/soup dumplings pictured and enjoyed them! I will review whatever I ate.  The mapo tofu was great! The tofu was silky and the sauce was rich in flavor, with the numbing spiciness characteristic of Szechuan cuisine. I wouldn't say I found this to be very spicy for me personally, but they provide chili crisp if you want to up the spiciness! The Singapore style fried noodles were tasty and crunchy! The green and red peppers included provide a nice kick.         The Enoki mushroom with watercress was amazing. Very creamy + rich in flavor and rather soothing to chew on.   If you haven't had it before, this is a MUST try.  Overall, dining here was a great experience. COVID safety, customer service, and food were all on point. Super easy to eat family style, and soooo many options, including a fair number of vegetarian options - which I enjoyed. I will definitely be back here to comb more through the menu more!
5 This has become my husband and I's  favorite spot to go when in Chinatown and want good food with great and friendly service. I have tried just about everything but my favorite is the pork soup dumplings and Shanghai lo mein.
2 I'll first say that I've had the soup dumplings from this establishment, and they were very good. However; I recently ordered the sesame chicken and was a little disappointed at the quality of the meat. It was very chewy and honestly didn't take a whole lot like chicken, so I ended up not eating the majority of the dish. If the chicken quality improved, I'd be happy to try again, but this wasn't very edible.
5 Best sweet and sour chicken I've ever had! I would definitely recommend. Shanghai noodles were also delicious! Pick up was on time.
4 My friends & I decided to eat in the outdoor seating area because indoor seating appeared to exceed the current 25% limit. The hostess came out to turn on the two heat lamps & the lights in the tent.  Even though it remained very cold, the pot of hot tea warmed us a bit. We enjoyed 2 orders of pork soup dumplings; an order of fried dumplings & pan fried noodles with chicken & veggies. Both the hostess & a waiter returned frequently to refresh the pot of hot tea.  However, the heat lamps were ineffective & it was too cold. We paid the bill & one of my friends bought a bag of 50 frozen pork soup dumplings to steam at home.  Delicious, flavorful food & attentive service. Highly recommend. Outdoor seating is advisable for warmer temperatures during the day.
5 Came here on a weekday around the holidays and waited about 45 mins to get seated since they only have a few outdoor dining tables. It's ok though because there's so much to explore in Chinatown while waiting. Their outdoor dining is also nice in that it's covered on 3 sides with the open side facing the restaurant - so there's enough air flow to feel safe, but wind/rain won't really affect you. They also use disposable utensils and plates.  We ordered fried tiny buns with pork (sheng jian bao), black truffle pork XLB, sauteed dry string beans, shanghai style rice cakes (chao nian gao), and scallion pancakes (chong you bing). I was expecting the XLB to be super mediocre like all other XLB I've tried in the US (including Joe's Shanghai, Din Tai Fung, etc.) but it was actually pretty good! Definitely the best XLB I've had in the US in terms of both juiciness and flavor, although ofc doesn't compare to those in China. I thought the scallion pancakes were one of the most delicious too - I wasn't that interested until I saw how crispy it was, and the flavor didn't disappoint. As for the rice cakes, green beans, and sheng jian bao, I thought those were fine but nothing special.   Service was great too, there was always someone standing by the outdoor dining area in case you needed something.
4 The spicy dumplings were incredible- spicy enough to catch you off guard while still super flavorful and not overbearing. The soup dumplings survived the walk home (a feat!) and the fried rice was delicious, filling and not overly greasy.
5 Fantastic food, the soup dumplings were incredible !  Pork dumplings were also amazing!
1 I will never again attempt an order from Shanghai 21.  We placed a delivery order at 8:30pm.  It is 9:47pm right now; and, we are awaiting our food.  However, we *just* received an email from them that the order's been cancelled and it's been refunded.  How nice.  They waited over an hour to inform us of this; and at this point, we have no dining options that are open in our neighborhood.  We love Chinese food, and were excited about the good reviews from this place.  Maybe the food's good.  Who knows.  But, I'll never find out.  Way to lose a customer.
5 During a cold winter day, the dumplings left me more than content. Some of the best soup dumplings I've ever had. If you're into the thinner skinned dumplings then this is your place!  I ordered the truffle soup dumplings, pork soup dumplings, and the chili wontons! All are a MUST TRY. 5 stars!  Also ordered the Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce. YUM.   Yang chow fried rice was good but not the best I've had. And their lo mein was a little greasy for my liking. But it doesn't even matter cuz the dumplings outshined and made it all worth it
1 The most organized place on Mott St. WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND TO ANYONE. I literally ordered ONE thing, a hot and sour soup, and they gave me some weird yellow chicken soup. Soup tasted HORRIBLE and bland. Used to come to this place for their hot n sour soup but won't ever visit again because how can they mess up ONE order item!
4 We stopped in Chinatown to check out the pretty lanterns on Mott Street and wanted a small snack. So we orderer the shrimp dumplings and the shrimp and watercress dumplings. Both were pretty good. The shimp flavor really came through in the plain shrimp dumplings but I appreciated the bit of freshness in the watercress ones. A good, satisfying snack with a beautiful view of the lanterns nearby that made the experience even more enjoyable.
1 I just ordered $50 worth of food from here and I specified for the delivery guy to knock hard on my apartment door, so obviously he has to come upstairs to drop my food off and he calls to say he's refusing to come upstairs.  I am in severe pain and cannot make it to my lobby if I'm tipping you what's the problem with bringing food to my door like all the other polite delivery people.  You would think during a pandemic these places and people would want the extra money but I guess not, definitely won't be ordering from here in the future.
4 It would be better if they offer a nice seating area outdoor. We ordered take out and still enjoy the food. Hot and sour soup is perfect for winter in NY. I ordered several other dishes and all of them are above average.
5 Ordered a few different things for delivery on Christmas night. First time trying this place and will definitely order again. Everything was awesome!! Can't wait to try more
4 We stopped by to order takeout and everything was ready in 10 minutes - two orders of the crab and shrimp XLB, the eggplant with garlic, hot pepper and shredded beef with brown sauce, and the scallion pancakes.  I'd probably give this a 3.5 overall, but since I can't I'm bumping it for the soup dumplings. The skin was perfect, soup was flavorful, and presentation was great even with takeout! I was slightly concerned about damage en route but they held up pretty well. The other dishes weren't bad either - the scallion pancakes had too much pancake and not enough scallion for my taste, but the eggplant and beef were both pretty good.  Overall I would definitely go again for more XLB and maybe to try some of their other dishes. Reasonably priced too!
5 We got soup dumplings and miso soup from this restaurant and they tasted amazing! The food was quite cheap and they do delivery on orders over 20$.
2 This place was so disappointing. The customer service was awful and so was the food. The stars are for the pork dumplings they were actually delicious but everything else was very salty and not cooked all the way. I got the pad Thai noodles which were stale. Waiter took forever to take our orders or come to check on us. I'll never come back here again.
5 Shanghai 21 is truly Impressive . Having visited numerous Chinese restaurants in NYC I can honestly say they have my favorite soup dumplings in the big apple. We heard great things about their soup dumplings and we were not disappointed. Their black truffle and crab and pork dumplings are simply divine. In my opinion They are better than Joe's Shanghai, Shanghai you garden, and Nan Xiang XLB. You can definitely taste quality and they do not use a lot of MSG which is rare unlike many other Chinese places.  The black truffle was on the pricey side but this is a premium ingredient and they do use a decent quantity of truffle in each dumpling. The truffle flavor is very rich and the experience was superb. I think I've finally found a restaurant that perfected the elusive skin to soup ratio in a soup dumpling. The crab and pork were also scrumptious and we also tried the spicy Szechuan dumplings which were a tad too spicy for me but my fiancé enjoyed them enormously.    They do temperature checks upon entry, offer outdoor dining and there is appropriate social distancing between all the tables inside. We've been back on a weekly basis to feed our addiction and we've brought our friends so they can share in our guilty pleasure.  Shanghai 21 is a gem not to be missed!
5 Arguably some of the best pork soup dumplings in NYC.  The skin is super thin and filled with soupy porky goodness. When you pick one up, the dumping forms a teardrop with how stretchy and filled it is.   The menu has many other Chinese standards. I've really liked their salt and pepper pork and pan fried noodles.   The service is super fast and relatively friendly. They've also set up a handful of outdoor dining spots.   You're really there for the soup dumplings, so be sure to get a couple orders.
4 OK.  I wanted to love this place, but the only thing that was love-able about it was the soup dumplings. Their soup dumplings are definitely UP THERE in terms of Manhattan's soup dumpling hierarchy. However, everything else they serve is just not good.  Overall: 4/5 Food: 3.5/5 Service: 4/5 Ambiance: 4/5 - as of Nov 2020, currently offering outdoor dining under covered shacks with 1 full wall exposed for air circulation  What's good here: - Soup dumplings - I've had the original and the crab version here. They do a pretty good job, reasons being: 1) flavorful filling - check 2) thin-ish wrapping - check 3) filled with 'soup' - aka liquified stock - check 4) soup dumpling wrappers are intact upon picking up with chopsticks - check 5) temperature of the soup dumpling is scaldingly hot - check  - pan fried little buns - these were pretty good. The dough was well-risen and chewy. The flavors were on point as well  What's not so good here: - Noodles with pork and pickled vegetables ('xue cai rou si mian") - probably the worst of its kind I've had. This dish really isn't that hard to make - I don't know *how* they did such a bad job with this - fried fish in sauce - I don't even know what it's actually called on the menu, but this is the fish that is featured prominently on the menu with a picture in the fish section. When we were served this, I could tell immediately the fish was not fresh - reason being the eyes of the fish do not 'pop' and were sunken into the socket. The fish tasted stale and very fishy (again - bad signs)  The takeaway is - the soup dumplings are good, and I assume any traditional Shanghainese snacks would be too (e.g. pan fried buns). Anything that even remotely deviates from their bread and butter is going to disappoint.
4 Stopped by on a sunny chilly Saturday in November, due to COVID19 we opted to sit outside and Shanghai 21 had really well set up covered seating. While sides had some covering for privacy airflow was ample through all sides.   Our waiter brought us individually sealed plates utensils napkins and cups. From the menu we opted for crab and pork soup dumplings, truffle (?!) soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and fried mini pork buns.   The food came in waves scallion pancakes were crisp and flaky, fried pork dumplings came next crisp yet puffy with a yummy ground pork filling. The main event, soup dumplings was last. We used to go to Shanghai Gourmet on Mott but these soup dumplings were just as good. Plump, juicy, tender and tasty! Crab & pork were rich and unctuously porky. The truffle version were very truffle-y and since we love truffles a delicious variation we would do it again.   The restrooms inside were clean and only a few parties were sitting inside. We'll be back, safe, delicious and reasonably priced!
5 My favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC! Everytime I visit, I always make a stop here. I haven't found a place that has good shrimp dumplings than this place. I've had their soup dumplings and THAT you can find it other places I guess but their shrimp dumplings are HANDS DOWN THE BEST
5 Always amazing, both take-out and dine-in. Shrimp dumplings from here are my favorite.
5 This place is amazing. Their shanghai style noodles are to die for. I have tried many places but this is by far the best one. I was at another place 3 weeks ago and it was not even near this place. I went back here and it was as usual the best. Try their noodles, the pork dumplings, the pancakes i mean try everything u will not be disappointed.
4 The food was great , I really enjoyed the shrimp dumplings. It's inexpensive an I will definitely come back.
5 Fantastic!!!! Pork and Truffle Soup Dumplngs, let's just say I wish I didn't have to share!  Mini pork buns delicious as well. The stars of the show were the Shanghai Lomein and the shrimp with ginger and scallion. The food arrived hot, ingredients were fresh and delivery was on time. This is my new go to!!
5 THE place I go to for Chinese food in the city. I highly recommend all of the dumplings, the lo mein, the fried rice, and the kung pao chicken. My favorite thing on the menu is the tiny pork buns.   There is currently indoor and outdoor seating. The staff are super kind and helpful. The complementary tea is always a nice start to the meal.   They do have high chairs for babies/toddlers.
5 This is the best soup dumpling place in Chinatown. My picky Asian parents agree as well. So do my coworkers. Everything is fresh. It doesn't have the sour vinegar taste in the soup of the dumplings that most other places do. Now instead of traveling to Queens for soup dumplings we'll just order from here. Also they are very clean and everyone wears masks. It is a requirement. There is hand sanitizer available as well.
5 This place is my go-to for soup dumplings!   On my Fiancès and I's recent visit, we actually just got engaged, but our renovations fell through for a steakhouse (cough.. cough.. old homestead), due to terrible customer service. In a terrible mood, we decided to go to the one place we often visited throughout our relationship, which we knew never disappoints.    We always order our all time favorites, pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, shanghai style lo mein, rice cake with preserved veggies and pork, and scallion pancake. You can never fail with these dishes!  Recently, due to covid, everything was served in plasticware, and we were totally fine with that! It made us feel safe, and clean. Food quality has not changed, and everything was delicious and fresh. There was inside and outside seating, and everyone was socially distanced.   Now for the best part. When going to Chinatown, theres always a chance you get terrible customer service for the tradeoff for great food, but this wasn't the case. After having a terrible experience at another restaurant, Shanghai Manor surpassed our expectations. We were greeted and immediately seated upon entering. The staff were so kind and accommodating, and they didn't even know what happened before arriving. They really appreciate their customers during this time, and it really shows. Highly recommend!
4 I love soup dumplings and this place has really good soup dumplings. Hey, if my mom & her friends like it, then I can't go wrong.  I always order their Lo mein and Shanghai fried rice.  There is also this sweet rib dish that i also love! Their mayo tofu is really spicy, so, if you like spicy, order that!
5 BEST SOUP DUMPLINGS IN NYC!!!! I've had my fair share of  soup dumplings and by far the best. Also they have a great selection of food as well. Please try the Kung Pão Chicken amazing flavor and some heat!!   Tip: they serve family portions so a little goes a long way!!!
4 This place has yummy no-frills Shanghainese cuisine that is at least somewhat authentic, going by the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings were delicious with thin skins that did not rupture until we bit into them, and the familiar delicate meatiness of the filling and soup. I find the skin to be particularly difficult to nail, and commend them for this. The zhajiangmian was very tasty (I prefer the Chinese version and find it to taste more refreshing and healthy, but my (Korean) boyfriend disagrees lol). The kung pao chicken was very tender and slightly spicy, with plenty of fresh peppers. The eggplant was kind of bland and I didn't see any minced pork that we asked for, but we needed that healthy veggie dish. I find that I prefer eggplant when it is grilled in foil, but not all places do this so I shouldn't have expected it.   Prices are a little steep for what you get, but this is NYC. Service is prompt, and the setting is very hygienic, with everything served in disposable containers and utensils. The bathroom is very clean as well.
5 I was arguing with someone over which NYC restaurant had the best xiaolongbao (soup dumplings)--my vote was for The Bao/Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao (two sister restaurants), but I have to say, Shanghai 21's xiaolongbao are preeeetty comparable.  If you love less meat / thin dumpling skin / fair portion of soup in your xiaolongbao, then you have to try them here! I ordered the pork ones (6pc), the steamed watercress & shrimp dumplings (4pc), and the mapo tofu "Modern Peking Style Sauteed Tofu." All three dishes were amazing, and the tofu was great over a side of white rice.   In terms of how they're handling health and safety measures, they have a handful of tables along the sidewalk that are each separated by a plexiglass divider. The utensils are all plastic (chopsticks are wooden of course), and the dishes aside from the dumplings come in takeout containers. They also served tea in a metal teapot but gave us paper cups. I'd def recommend if you're in the area!
2 Got takeout from this place last night. My Shanghai style fried rice was very bland, reminded me of Panda Express. The rice was not even fried. It was basically white rice with some chicken, shrimp and vegetables. Our sweet and sour chicken had very little chicken in it. And the green peppers were uncooked. The soup dumplings were just ok. I've had better in Shanghai!. I would not try this place again.
5 Wow! This is for dine in only. Just come and eat here, you won't regret it. Some of the best Chinese food I've had in New York! This will be one of my go to spots. I wasn't even able to take proper photos because the food was so good I immediately started eating. They have maybe 6 or so outdoor tables and indoor dining open. Everything felt clean and all servers were properly wearing masks. All food comes in to go containers and meal comes with hot tea. FYI, if you order alcohol you have to pay in cash before they bring it to you.   My order is below- -Crab and pork soup dumplings: very good, but I like Noodle Villages more.  -Pork soup dumplings: a must! Some of the best I've had aside from Din Tai Fung.  -House special fried pork chop: the best thing we ordered. A little greasy, but sooooo good.  -Spicy wontons: tasty, but the soup dumplings are way better.  -Green beans: way better than I was excepting. Super flavorful.  -Lo mein with chicken: comes with bok choy and other veggies. Good if you're craving some noodles.
4 I ordered the Buddha's delight via Seamless as it seemed like a safe bet as far as being vegetarian. The tofu & vegetables in the dish were all perfectly cooked, and the rice that accompanied the dish was fluffy and plentiful. I would prefer the dish to be a little bit more flavorful, it was mainly just soy sauce & sodium. That being said, if you're a vegetarian looking to satisfy a craving for Chinese, I would say that the dish will have you covered.
5 KEY COVID TAKEAWAYS: - Each server is wearing a mask - Hand Sanitizer station available - Each chair and table is properly cleaned before seating the next guest. - Plastic Dividers between each table -Most of the food is served in take-out containers - Disposable utensils   I came here for the first time Post-COVID and honestly, the experience was still just as amazing as I remembered.   I always order soup dumplings and shanghai style lo-mein with pork. I also decided to try out the pork buns.   I don't know how to give this place the praise it rightfully deserves. It's so surprising how even as we are forced to dine outdoors only, the food is still served so fresh and piping hot, which is how soup dumplings should be enjoyed. The soup dumplings have such an explosion of flavor and are stuffed with generous amounts of pork as well.   Make sure to ask for chili oil and soy sauce, as they do not leave the sauce containers out anymore, for proper measures.   Also, make sure to try and avoid peak dinner times, as there aren't many seats available and you will have to wait a longer time than usual
5 Fantastic food here, sort of a mix between classic Chinese/American, authentic Chinese and gourmet Chinese. The soup dumplings here seem to have a thicker skin than some of the others I've had all over Chinatown. They seem to hold a lot more soup because of it and I consider them to be the best soup dumplings in Chinatown.   I also can't say enough for their spicy, Szechuan wontons. They are delicious. The spicy sauce isn't truly authentic Szechuan but it's very spicy and full of flavor. I also think you have to try their Lo Mein dishes before leaving here. The noodles are thick and chewy and melt in your mouth. I will be visiting this place over and over when I am looking for something a little less starchy than Wo-Hop and a little more authentic.
5 So I've been coming to this JOINT for 6 plus years now and it NEVER FAILS!!!!!! It's to the point when I call in everyone knows my order, I literally have a weekly pick up lol..Need I say more?! I DONT THINK SO!
5 Have dined here multiple times pre-COVID. Typically order a few orders of the pork soup dumplings and one order of the pork & crabmeat soup dumplings, wontons in chili oil, watercress with enoki mushrooms, mapo tofu and a stir fry noodle dish. At times, we have ordered scallion pancakes and other buns (the fluffy bao ones). Service is attentive and quick. Wait times very during peak hours. Does not accept reservations so would plan to go early/off-peak.  Outdoor dining for COVID. Very nice staff. Would recommend for quality soup dumplings (fan of the delicate skin!)
5 Favorite spot for soup dumplings, very clean tasting nothing too fatty when it comes to the broth. And best noodles with meat sauce.
4 A most loved spot for quality Chinese food. Dropped in on Tues. I anticipate an arrival trip. The bill won't stun you. Menu is like a café in Jacksonville I enjoyed.
5 Despite of the pandemic outdoor eating, they have the best Xiao Long Bao in the city. So glad the quality is back. But it would be perfect if they don't use plastic containers for hot food.
5 So glad to see our favorite dim sum place open for outdoor dining. There are only a few tables so get here early!!! The food is every bit as good though I am missing the ability to get chili sauce at my whim. All the dishes are served in single serve containers except the steamed stuff and you are safely cordoned off by plexi glass barriers. I must've missed the ownership change but they take cards other than discover and Amex now. Mm can't wait to come back. Our go tos are crab xlb, spicy Szechuan wontons, shrimp dumplings, bamboo shoots and pan fried pork buns. I wish they would serve or let us bring beers :)
4 Even in Covid they deliver service, quality, and restrooms!  Friendly helpful wait staff, friendly management, and clean restrooms you are welcome to use!  There are some restaurants that can learn from them in courtesy, friendliness, and customer service! To them the spoils of first time customers who like learning the hard way but for me, if a place disses me or I don't feel treated like a paying customer with decency and gratitude there are plenty of other businesses for me to take my money to and tell others about.  You are fortunate if you are reading this for this is one place I recommend for Chinese food during Covid. the prices are decent, portions are fair or ample depending on the dish.  We had Shrimp and Chicken in Hoisen Sauce (I enjoyed it and had lots of mushrooms - not quite my fav); and Beef pan fried noodles (very crispy and mixed chinese vegetables. Slightly bland but okay for those on low sodium diet). Thai Iced tea was good.  They do not serve cups of water. You must purchase their bottled water or bring your own.  Service is on thick cardboard paper plates and brought to you in take out containers instead of on plates. Chop sticks are wrapped in pairs in sealed plastic, and forks and spoons are standard cheap plastic. Not an image for a first date you seek to impress but what would you expect in NYC during covid and in a community that is hyper cautious in preventing spread and contagion.  Round grilled picnic tables. Composite clean raised flooring so you are not on the street nor have to look at or think about it. Bordered on street with wall of live bushes in raised planters (bottom is wooden wall). Each seating area separated by plexiglass divider to prevent spread from other table section.  Handicap accessible.  Bon Appetite, Carson
5 First time back since they transformed Mott Street with outdoor dining space (through a city initiative called DineOut NYC).   Same delicious food with all the necessary cleaning and distance precautions. Shanghai 21 has 3-4 tables all physically spaced and separated by clear plastic partitions. The outdoor street dining is separated from the cars by cute planters and far enough removed from sidewalk foot traffic that it feels comfortable. Everything is served in take-out containers (with the exception of the xiao long bao and steamed dumplings, which come in their usual bamboo steam trays) and you're provided disposable plates and utensils. The server is constantly sanitizing everything, including their hands.   They also have takeout.
5 Great takeout option -- I love the noodle soups, wonton bc appetizer, & sesame chicken. The scallion pancakes were only so so but overall it's fast, well priced, and delicious
4 This is the first time intro Shanghainese cuisine yet it gave me some disappointed/upset about my orders..the sauce for the fish is not tasty enough..too sweet..and the fish is not big for 2  people.. Thank you
4 New to the area and this was my first Chinese take out order! It was very tasty but it was a little bit cold, which I understand because of the higher demand for delivery right now.
3 The dumplings were okay. There was not enough soup in the dumplings to be considered a soup dumpling. Some of them had popped too but to be fair, soup dumplings are not great for take out.
5 The truffle soup dumplings are AMAZING, seriously the best soup dumplings I've ever had.
2 We ordered soup dumplings and an order of bean curds with black mushrooms with extra chicken for takeout. The soup dumplings were great, same as when we dined in frequently before covid19. However, after leaving the premise to eat the food, we discovered that we were given a dish of bok choy with shitake mushrooms with an extra topping of chicken instead of the dish I ordered. It's fine that it was probably honest mistake. But the chicken tasted bad like it was added as an afterthought. I didn't like the shitake mushrooms or the bok choy. The sauce wasn't good either. I'm disappointed that I got a wrong order with takeout. Too bad we were far off from the restaurant to let them know.
5 Always a great choice when we go here. Their dumplings are my favorite in NYC. Staff is always friendly and the food comes out quick! Always recommending this place to people!
2 They used to serve good soup dumplings... Came here during quarantine to support local chinese business. I only love to eat soup dumpling when it's right out of the kitchen, so I even just wait there for 15 min so I can eat when it's the freshest.  However, two order of soup dumplings, both were lukewarm when I ate it in the car right out of kitchen, skin was thick (used to be thin), but half of them were broken already, and as I ate, all of them broke. Meat filling and flavor doesn't taste fresh. It tasted like microwave food but yet didn't microwave thoroughly. There were a unpleasant after taste of it remains and sort of gross me out the rest of the day.  I was so excited to have soup dumplings, sad.
4 we were so excited to try this spot we got some of the soup dumplings  beef and broccoli and black pepper fish to go  everything was very flavorful and cooked perfectly even to-go, the food was piping hot and delicious
4 If in search of soup dumplings, I would recommend this spot for their black truffle one. It's a unique burst of flavor. Otherwise, the standard pork soup dumplings and Kung Pao chicken we tried were tasty, but obviously not unique to this restaurant. I definitely plan on returning for the black truffle soup dumplings. Everything if very fair priced as well.  After I second visit, I should add that even the entreés here are delicious. The tangerine beef, in particular, is perfectly crisp with just enough hint of citrus. I highly recommend this restaurant. To clarify, this is Shanghai 21 on Mott St. There is another restaurant with a similar name in the area. This was an excellent spot for a group outing- super affordable with a generous portions and no lack of options.
5 The food here is phenomenal. Authentic shanghai cuisine. What makes this place tricky is the location is hard to get to and the staff is a bit to eager. I felt like they kept wanting to clear out plates when we weren't done yet and the place was not packed so it wasn't like someone was waiting on their table.
5 Wow! Best soup dumplings ever! I ate here on vacation from San Diego. Din thai Fung has great soup dumplings but this place has the best. Will not disappoint!
4 These sheng jian baos thoooooo = must get! They're only pan fried and crispy at the bottom, but the sides are so darn fluffy and the meat inside was piping hot and juicy delicious! I almost enjoyed these more than the soup dumplings themselves during this meal :o  Soup Dumplings: I used to think these were the best soup dumplings, until Queens happened ahaha. But these are definitely in the Top 10, and the second best on the same block (Noodle Village takes the top in this area). Thin ass skin, but needs a little more soup for my tastes.  Noodle Soup with Pork Chop: only bad thing is that this broth is just. so. bland. Noodles aren't the kind that I'm accustomed to so I didn't enjoy it as much. It's more starchy? Different taste, that's for sure. Pork chop was too dry.   Pork and Bean Curd Soup: can't remember the exact name of the soup ordered but I just love soups and this one was really flavorful and hit the spot.
5 I dine in this lovely spot a lot! This is my favorite restaurant to eat. I go to this spot at least once a month. The meals are just great, the crew is helpful and the charge is reasonable. I enjoy being in this spot to have a nice supper.
5 This place is amazing. Their food is so good it's become my "I'm starving and dreaming of my ideal meal" food. I get soup dumplings and beef lo mein basically every time and they're consistently delicious. It's always packed at lunch, which means I've left a few times for something faster, but once you get seated and order the food will come out quickly. The service is a little hurried but honestly when it's that crowded it's to be expected and the food is so good, it's impossible to care. Cash only is a little inconvenient but once again, it's all about the food.
5 Black truffle xiao long bao is my go-to menu along with golden enoki mushroom.  It just taste sooooo good!
4 We came here during the evening amidst all the corona virus talks that is spreading like wildfire in NYC. The place could not be any more vibrant and clean. The virus did not deter locals and new customers from coming to this establishment.   With that being said, I am a huge fan of soup dumplings which is what gravitated me to coming here. The soup dumpling skin is quite thin but firm, so do not fret about it breaking! The soup was deliciously rich and not too salty. The pork/crab meat was not quite memorable.   We also ordered the black truffle soup dumplings thinking it might somewhat resemble what we experienced at Din Tai Fung. The truffle was faint and honestly disappointing for what we paid for. I would avoid this dish if you are expecting Din Tai Fung quality.  Give the soup dumplings a try. If that is not your cup of tea, there are over 50 other items on the menu ranging from authentic Shangainese dishes to regular traditional Chinese dishes.
5 I've been coming here with friends for a couple of years now, and their soup dumplings are consistently good. They don't take reservations and the wait can be long sometimes but the quality is well worth the wait. The service is pretty quick as well.  The XLB skin is thin but filled with hot and flavorful filling and soup. It's perfect by itself or with vinegar and ginger which is always served on the side. They also have black truffle XLB which I have not tried yet, but smell sooo good. I also really love the pan fried noodles and the fried pork buns. The buns are super soft and the meat is savory.   Like most restaurants in Chinatown, it's cash only but they do accept Amex.   Overall, I highly recommend coming here if you've never tried their XLB!
4 It's was my first time having soup dumpling in NYC and I wasn't disappointed. The food was amazing and the service was quick and I definitely will be returning. The one thing that I do not like is the interior of the restaurant.
3 Eh portions were tiny. Food was fine nothing special. Scallion pancakes were probably the best. Shanghai noodles were ok. The pan fried buns were the worst. Super tiny. Soup dumplings were mediocre.
5 This is literally my favorite place for shanghainese food in Chinatown. They have all the homey and familiar dishes associated with Shanghai like soup dumplings, wide fried noodles, and the rice cakes with preserved veg and pork, their mapo tofu (which also comes in a meatless version) is so much better tasting that most joints around town that claim to sell 'mapo tofu' but are really just selling lies. The prices are fair and there's often a line. Cash or AMEX only.
5 Cozy and familiar feeling. Food was on point. We got squid, dan dan noodles and a bunch of xlbs. dan dan noodles did come out a bit differently than I expected but it was still really good. I really liked this place and would come again!
4 Good food, juicy buns. I would go there for authentic soup dumplings. Also, less of a wait compared to Joe's Shanghai.
3 Ok food. Kinda sweet( Typical Shanghainese?)   They ONLY. accept AMEX... like wtf. ???
4 2/13/20 3p.m. Pre Valentine Birthday for the adopted daughter. Seated quickly. Recieved menus and tea a few minutes after we sat down. We ordered a few starter with the waiter then, figured out our main dishes then place that part of the order. Crab and Pork soup dumplings were tasty and delicious. Especially, with the ginger vinegar. I just wish they came out hotter. Scallion Pancakes were very crispy crunchy but, they were fresh and tasty even without the dipping soy sauce. Pan fried pork dumplings were super fresh and came out hot...with the first dip and bite..you get a burst of flavors and juicey tender filling. Beef pan fried Shanghai noodles for the birthday girl..she enjoy the couple of fork fulls she had room for. Mapo tofu over white rice was well made tofu was still in silky cubes. The sauce was just enough to coat tofu and rice with a pinch and kick of spicy heat. Service was nice and very courteous. Pricing was very good for the dishes we ordered. I just need to know what kind if tea they serve? because it went very well with our meal and we had 2 pots. Will definitely return for the good food and service.
5 Checked this place out while visiting NYC. Tried the soup dumplings (first time having those) and they were amazing. We got a variety of different dumplings and they all were delicious. Atmosphere is great right in China Town. Can't wait to go back to the city and will definitely be hitting this place up again.
5 Basic menu but done right. I had the house special pork chop and the soup dumplings. Soup dumplings are great, quality meat and real crab inside. Pork chop was well seasoned and not too greasy. Would definitely come back again.
5 Shanghai 21 is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. Their fried rice and Kung Pao Chicken is delicious  You might wait in line for about 30 minutes when you go there during the dinner time.
5 Wow! This place is definitely a gem. The customers were super nice and were welcoming. We ordered a lot for the 5 of us and overall the food was amazing. We of course had to order the soup dumplings, the Shanghainese styled fried noodles, the dongpo rou, chicken, vegetables, and another dish that I totally forgot the name of!! But all the dishes were pretty authentic and I definitely recommend checking this place out! Although, there was a slight mishap where we ordered another round of soup dumplings and they just never brought it out, which was fine by us. We just went on and paid the bill.
2 Ordered here based on raving reviews.   Shanghai lo men  Shanghai wontons  Spring rolls   Beef with broccoli over rice  All of which were described as hot and spicy - were the exact opposite.   The only decent thing really were the spring rolls. Thank goodnesss I have a fat bottle of sriracha at home  Not sure how this plaCe has such high reviews but it's basiccally fast food  Going to stick to my old xian for quality Asian food.
5 DUMPLINGS!  Delicious.  Delectable.  Delightful.  Dangerous... because once you order them, you can't stop.    I think this is a great contender to the infamous soup dumplings from Joe's Shanghai.  In fact, I think I would be as so bold to say-and bold I righteously am-that they are better here at Shanghai 21!  YES!!!  The broth is packed with flavour and the quality of the dumpling itself, from the dainty wrapper to the filling inside, is impeccable.  Yeah, we're using big words here because I really do think it's that amazing.  I've had both the crab meat & pork dumplings and the black truffle dumplings and enjoyed both.  Tremendously.  The black truffle dumplings have a slight truffle flavour and isn't too overpowering, just enough to let you know that it's there.   The other dumplings that deserve some recognition here, which are not of the soup variety, are the shrimp dumplings (ha cao).  OMG.  The best I've ever had, even better than any dim sum place could serve.  They are HUGE and look so perfect sitting in the basket.  The wrapper is translucent enough so that you can see the pink flesh of the shrimp.  Perfectly plump.  Make sure to drizzle some of the sauce they give you because it elevates the flavour to another dimension... sublime.  Chef's Kiss to this dumpling because I think it might be the item I would choose to eat before my last moments on this Earth.   Worth the wait if you come here and it's packed!!!
5 Favorite dumplings in Manhattan. Love the tofu bean curd dish. It's one of my all tIme favorites. You won't be disappointed with anything you order.
5 General tso chicken. Chinatown classic. Definitely share plates because the potions are HUGE! Nuff said.
4 After craving soup dumplings all day, I went around the Chinatown area and stumbled upon this place. I saw that they had black truffle soup dumplings and I was immediately sold. It was a cold day so it was perfect. I got seated immediately near the front area which got a little cold when the door opened but it was okay. I ordered the fried tiny pork buns and of course the truffle soup dumplings. The pan fried pork buns had a nice seasoning in the filling and the dipping sauce balanced the flavor our well. It had a nice crispy exterior, but the dough to filling ratio was a little off and at times the inside was more of soggy dough than filling. The truffle soup dumplings never disappointed, as the truffle paired really well, bringing out the richness and aroma of the broth inside the dumpling. They also do takeout I think so that's a plus.
4 Excellent!   I ordered delivery one night and it was so good. I had the Shanghai lo mein with chicken (it was full of flavor with a good mixture of veggies and chicken mixed into it), an order of their shrimp dumplings (juicy and delish) and scallion pancakes (yummy). Great portions too-plenty of leftover for one.  I will have to stop by sometime for the full dine in experience!
5 the soup dumplings here are amazing. the skin in the dumplings are so soft and pleasing to eat. the meat and soup in the dumplings taste so delicious and i would definitely come back here again. the service is also very fast and the location is easy to find! one of the best soup dumpling places in the city!!
4 Shanghai 21 was surprisingly very good! When we got there, we told the man a table for 2 and he said it would be a 20 minute wait so we waited outside but they called my name after 5 minutes! We were seated and after a few minutes no one had come to us and I noticed that others just had to flag down the hostess and servers. The manager saw me and told a server to come to our table.   We ordered our food and it came out quickly. We ordered the crab and pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, plain steamed buns (it came with evaporated milk - yum!), pan-fried potstickers, sesame chicken over rice, and low mein with pork and shrimp. It was all so good! The sauce for the sesame chicken was great and I wish I took the leftover sauce to go! It was so good. The prices were great considering it's in NYC. My boyfriend and I are definitely coming back here.   Service: 3.5 stars since we had to flag them down but food came out really quick!  Food: 5 stars!
3 I've been here a couple years back and decided to come here again recently. I feel like soup dumplings in the past were better made than the ones now.   Came here around 5pm on a Sunday. The wait was about 15 -20 minutes.  I decided to order pan fried noodles, pork dumplings and shrimp dumpling. The pan fried noodles was okay. It was a little too oily though. Large portion. The soup dumplings were ehhhh. What I didn't like about the experience was how the skin of the Soup Dumplings kept breaking when I tried to pick it up. It happened to all of them. In the past, the skin was thicker so it didn't break as easily. Since the skin broke, I didn't really have the "real way of eating soup dumpling" experience. Even though the skin broke, there were still some soup in the dumplings. Very flavorful and good. The soy sauce flavor was very strong. You don't need to add a lot of it to your food.  Note: They only take cash or American Express.
4 Dumplings and more dumplings please!  Came here on an early weekend afternoon and was surprisingly seated right away.  Must have been perfect timing because the line was really hopping by the time we left.  Dumplings are excellent.  Soup dumplings, har gao, siu mai... they were all fresh and excellent.  Also ordered some noodles which were chewy and on point.  Service is quick and efficient.  Quick note that they only accept Amex if using plastic instead of cash!
3 It was okay.. The pork dumplings were good but I have had better and probably will not return.  I liked the staff.
5 After coming here multiple times and pretty much ordering the same dish at each visit, I decided it was high time to write a review for it. To start off, this place is usually packed, expect a long wait or come at odd times - it is worth it. The waiters are very friendly and won't rush you to order.   The dishes we get every time are the xiao long bao, wonton szechuan style, cold sliced pork leg, hot and sour soup, crispy fried salt and pepper squid, and crispy seafood noodle. My personal favorite is the sliced pork leg. I've only had this particular delicacy once in my childhood at Foxwoods and since then I had been on a quest to find them. Imagine my surprise when I finally found them at this place. They are sliced very thin and served cold with a mildly spicy and sour sauce. The gelatinous fat and tender meat are a match made in heaven. I would recommend this place to anyone looking for their Shanghainese fix - it definitely gives Joe's Shanghai a run for their money!
4 Located at a busy corner on Mott St, this restaurant offers a big menu with lots of dim sum options. The front of house people are very efficient and food arrives so fast, you truly won't be disappointed. We ordered the cold noodles, give those a pass...kind of greasy with little flavor. But, the soup dumplings, scallion pancake, wontons, and shrimp were delicious. The table next to us ordered chicken fried rice for their kids and it looked/smelled delicious. I have had better dim sum but the prices are great and def worth a visit.
5 Based on Yelp reviews we decided to try this place. You'd almost walk right past it, but in the heart of Chinatown. I'd recommend the pan fried pork dumplings, the fries tiny buns with pork and Kung Pao chicken. At 3:00 pm on a Monday there was a constant wait, and most people seemed like locals.
5 Delicious, extensive menu. We had the pork XLB, snow pea greens and shrimp steamed dumplings, Shanghai style wonton, and an off the menu item snow pea greens sauteed with garlic (a favorite we always ask for). The food came out quickly. We arrived at 11:15 on a Monday. It was packed by the time we left a little after noon. We saw others who ordered soups, pan fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, dry sauteed shredded beef. Everything looked really good. I'm ready to go back and try different dishes next time.
5 Omg where do I even begin?? The whole time I felt like I couldn't eat fast enough because everything was so delicious! We waited an hour on a Saturday night and ordered their soup dumplings, Dan Dan noodles, Chinese broccoli, hot and sour soup, and Sichuan beef. Soooooo good. My fiancé loved the meal as well, will definitely be returning!
5 Best shanghainese spot in Chinatown. Get all the dumplings, salt and pepp shrimp, fried rice, and everything else on the menu! You can taste the quality and freshness in everything.
3 Good service, food was ok. Nothing to rave about. Fried rice was like American rice not real fried rice.
5 You know how you strive to find the perfect soup dumpling? The one with the perfect amount of soup and filling? This is it! The Crap and Pork Soup Dumpling is perfection. The soup itself is flavorful the filling is just right and once popped in your mouth you realize all your dumpling dreams have come true. At around 8 dollars it was definitely worth the price. The complimentary hot tea is nice as well especially in this cold weather. There may be a wait being a smaller restaurant but I think it's worth it!
4 Come here for the dumplings and then order all the dumplings. My dad, husband and I came here on a Thursday night after a holiday party, and were immediately seated. We tried two varieties of dumplings: Soup Dumpling with Pork and the Black Truffle Soup Dumpling with Pork. Both were fantastic - thin skin, flavorful broth and a tasty ball of pork. I would recommend the black truffle only if you really like the taste of truffle. For mains we shared the braised boar hock with baby bok choy, and the Shanghai style lo main with beef. Both were excellent. The braised boar hock is pretty fatty and filling, and I'd only recommend to more "open" eaters.   Pro Tips: - Come for the dumplings. Order all the dumplings.  - Good for groups and walk-ins
2 I was excited to finally try Shanghai 21 after being good things about their soup dumplings, but left disappointed.   The hallmarks of a good soup dumpling are a thin skin, a thick, protein-rich broth and a robust chunk of pork. While the skin was thin and delicate, the soup was watery and tasted like MSG. The pork inside was crumbly and not well-seasoned.   I ordered a "spicy cabbage" as a side that amounted to a plate of shredded cabbage swimming in a sickly-sweet vinegar water, with a single red chili pepper on top. It was barely spicy, but inedibly sweet.
4 If you're visiting the area, leave your name 20-30mins prior and then come back so you at least walk around instead of waiting around because the place is popular. The soup dumplings, a must-have if you want an authentic Shanghainese cuisine eating experience, is highly rated here. The General Tso's chicken was too breaded for my liking. Not sure about the other "American" dishes here, but the appetizers (fresh pickle= cucumbers), Shanghai rice cakes, noodles, vegetables, and hot & sour soup are good here. The only dislike is that it's a bit squishy in the area where tables are too close together.
4 With the recent closure of a Taiwanese restaurant here in Poughkeepsie, the city is left with a number of take-out places that do not do justice to Chinese cuisine.   A successful NYC Chinatown eatery like Shanghai 21 should seriously consider opening a branch in this town.  I know it would do very well.
5 This is a tiny restaurant so on the weekends can get very crowded and the wait can be very  long, but is worth the wait. They have a variety of dim sums everything i had was very very good, the service was good and the food came right out. Parking is  on the street by the way.
4 I dont like the sour soup but other soup and shrimp dimsum are pretty good. Highly recommend. The price was worthy. I will come back next time
5 Went here 2 days in a row and both experiences were great! The food was amazing, especially the soup dumplings! There was a short wait since the restaurant is so popular, however, it was very worth it. The staff was very nice and enthusiastic and the food came out really fast. This is definitely my favorite spot in Chinatown!
5 Oh Shanghai 21 let me count the ways in which you made me happy. First off, on a monday for lunch about 1:30pm we only had a 5 min wait. This gave us enough time to Google at everyones tables and revel in their delicious meals. This gave us enough time to plan our game plan. Once seated we enjoyed our teas and ordered wine chicken, which is a drunken ginger chicken hold the ginger Aunty that came to the party drunk. We also had the spicy szechuan won ton that won me over with its juiciness and light spice. But then...there came the pork and pork and crab soup dumplings which made me think of how Tin Dai Fung would be jealous. Your skin was slightly thicker and chewier but the flavors were all there AND we didnt have to pay Din Tai Fung prices or experience their wait time. Oh and better yet, we got to walk over to Tiger Sugar for our dessert bobas per the recommendation of their sweet wait staff. Cant wait to go back and try everything else ont their menu! Till next time!
5 If We could rate Shanghai 21 more than five stars We would! Great place for date night.  Even though it was really crowded and a little noisy, it still felt intimate.  We visited on a Friday night around 7:30 pm. The wait time for 2 people was about 35-40 minutes.  While waiting, more and more people started coming in and the wait time increased to an hour! We thought to ourselves, if people are willing to wait an hour, the food is definitely worth it and indeed, it was!  When we were seated we got a complimentary teapot with Jasmine tea. We ordered the Szechuan Style Wontons, soup dumplings with pork, and the black truffle soup dumplings with pork as our starters. The wontons were a little spicy but very flavorful and delicious.  The soup dumplings are indescribable but we will do our best to describe them. Just 1 word, AMAZING!! It was cooked to perfection, the flavorful broth did not drain out of the dumplings. It was like a Shanghainese party in your mouth bursting with flavor lol. They were also VERY reasonably priced.   We then ordered a general tso chicken and a side order of Sauteed Baby Shanghai Bai Choy which were both very delicious.   We are both dumpling fanatics so we highly recommend this restaurant if you're in Chinatown and want to chow down on some good dumplings.
5 My friend and I got dinner here on a Sunday night and we waited about 30 mins, the food was amazing, we got some soup dumplings, rick cake, and some stir fried beef with pickled veges! it was so good we ate the whole thing! must come!
5 The food here is delicious.  I had the pork soup dumplings, the shrimp dumplings, the tangerine beef and hoisin chicken.  All really tasty dishes.
4 Very decent chinese restaurant in Chinatown! My friend and I got stirred fried water spinach with garlic ($13.50) and pepper steak ($17.50) to share along with two bowls of rice. The food came out pretty fast and both dishes were delicious. The pepper steak was so saucy and loaded with lots of veggies. It was just the right amount of sweet and savory flavor blended together! The meat was also soft and juicy that two of us finished everything.   I know this place is known for their XLB too, so I would definitely want to come back here and try it. But honestly I might get the pepper steak dish again because it was so yummy.   This is a cash only place and you probably have to wait in line on weekends, but it's worth it! They have several round tables, so it would also be fitting for big groups!
4 Came back two years after the first time I visited, and still really like this place, IMO one of the best restaurants in Chinatown. No frills, brisk service, and they only take cash or Amex.
4 I wanted to try Soup Dumplings so looked for a place that served them in Chinatown.   When I got there around 1 pm I had to wait about 10 minutes.   I ordered Soup Dumplings with crab meat and pork. There were six of them. I ate the first one and the soup was hot and it was delicious. After a few of them the soup was getting colder. I prefer hot.   I also ordered Beef with Tofu from Over Rice sexton. I expected a different dish but it was still good.
4 Soup dumplings are a must!!! It gets crowded for good reason.
5 They will take cash AND American Express (over $20!). As someone who never carries cash and happens to have Amex, this place was perfect amongst a very cash heavy Chinatown!   The spicy wontons here are delicious and second to none. The perfect blend of spicy and richness of the wontons draw me back everytime. I'm not a New Yorker, so whenever I'm in the city I try going to new places but this is the only exception I'll make. Their soup dumplings are delicious as well. I know Joe's Shanghai is more famous for their soup dumpling but I honestly cannot tell a difference!
5 Upon entering Shanghai 21, the decor is immediately striking and similar to every subpar Asian-American restaurant I feasted at during my childhood. However, my fears quickly subsided as I was treated to a complimentary pot of green tea; the flavor was soothing and who doesn't love being treated like a king? Aside from the teapots, every table featured a wide array of colorful dishes which everybody seemed to be enjoying. Looking for a lighter meal as I explored the streets of Chinatown, I opted for the famously broth-filled soup dumplings. The food was quick to arrive and the steam was alluring. After a brief struggle with the chopsticks, I was ready for my first bite. The outer shell was delightfully light and flavorful and the pork and crab meat innards followed suit. Feeling adventurous, I added some the chili oil that one can find adorning their table during any excursion into Chinese cuisine to my dumpling. Something about it felt off, I couldn't quite pin down whether it was the slightly too cool temperature of if it just wasn't spicy enough. However, it by no means ruined the flavor of my second dumpling. The flavor kept coming in hot throughout the rest of the meal and I ended up fully satisfied with my decision.  Overall, the food lived up to the hype and was nicely complemented by the unexpected tea. My only gripes were the bland decor and that the crab flavor of the dumplings was a bit overwhelmed by the pork. Definitely worth a visit the next time you're in Chinatown!
5 My wife and I went to Chinatown stop and eat we had great service and the food was to die for we had the steamed pork dumplings , chicken soft noodles and water chestnut leeks soup the food was great
4 Cash only!   Not as busy as Joe's Shanghai and it's a more intimate setting. Your party will have their own table, if that's something that bothers you about Joe's Shanghai.   I came here to also try their pork soup dumplings and I was impressed! You get 6 pieces and each one was filled with delicious soup. While Joe's is thicker and more savory, Shanghai Cafe's soup dumplings have a lighter, cleaner broth. DO NOT just bite into the soup dumplings. You gotta drink the soup first, it's all part of the experience.   We also got to try their Pan Fried spork Dumplings, which came with 6 pieces. Not bad but they didn't stand out as much as the soup dumplings.   You get more for your money at Joe's Shanghai but Shanghai Cafe's soup dumplings are up to par!
5 My friend from Luxembourg came to visit and wanted to try a place in Chinatown and I had no ideas. We stumbled upon this little restaurant and I already can't wait to go back. Their pork soup dumplings were delicious. I loved their udon dish and the eggplant dish was so good I'm trying to google recipes so I can learn to make it myself. The food was fresh and the place was really busy for lunch on a Sunday.
5 Wonderful experience and a true touch of Shanghai cuisine rarely found outside of China. Reasonable price, great quality, nice portions easily shared for a partner rendezvous or friendly meal between family and friends. Service fast and professional matches the quant feel of a Chinese street restaurant.
4 Surprisingly good Xiao Long Bao.   ...as for the other stuff we tried, the Taiwanese style porkchop was also pretty good, and the other stuff more in the average category).  in fact, i would rate the xaio long bao up there with the best in terms of quality of meat, flavor, juiciness and thin quality wrap. the ONLY place they may fall short of the very best anywhere in appearance, and just slightly thicker at the top of the bun than the elite. they don't quite have that perfect, neat, presentation of the elite buns. but man, if you more concerned with taste, juiciness and quality than perfect presentation, you will not be disappointed with Shanghai 21 !  This now makes only 2 "acceptable" xaio long bao places I've found in Manhattan (out of around 2 dozen I've sampled on Manhattan island. - the other good place being The Bao in East Village.   Expanding out geographically, I like Kung Fu Xaio Long Bao in flushing as my #1 pick, in spite of the awful service (not to be confused with the unrelated Kung Fu Xaio Long Bao in uptown Manhattan, which is not one of my top picks).  my overall top few picks for the ny area (including all 3 major NY Chinatowns - flushing, Brooklyn and Manhattan) are as follows: 1. Kung Fu in flushing  2. The Bao (east village) 3. Tie - Little Dumpling (Little Neck), and Shanghai 21 (Manhattan) 4. Nan Xin Xiang Xaio Long Bao (flushing - temporarily closed due to moving).  Beyond these, the other NY ones I've tried have more obvious flaws, like thicker wraps, less juice, poor flavor, lower quality meat, such ad with gristle, etc. Many are still good, but just not as good.  ...and some are flat out bad.  Also note that my xiao long bao rankings ate just that - and not overall restaurant rankings.  for example, while i rate the xaio long bao at Kung Fu much above flushing rival Nan Xiang, i would still prefer Nan Xiang if your with a group and after more variety of quality dishes.   A good thing about Shanghai 21 is that it is also a good choice for other dishes besides xaio long bao, plus a pleasant interior environment.   however, when choosing, make sure to include the xaio long bao as one of the dishes !
4 Such an amazing spot in china town! Comparable to the places I've been to in the Bay Area.   We came on a Saturday around 1:30pm and there was still such a long line. It took around 40 minutes to get seated.   The Pork XLB was SO GOOD, $6.25 for 6!! Juicy, thin skin, and the soup was so rich.   Crab and pork XLB, $8.75 for 6. Not as good, a little fishy.   Red oil wontons, $6.25 super spicy but so freakin' yummy. The oil adds such a nice touch   Fried pork buns, $6.75 for 6. A little too doughy but overall good flavor.   Very affordable, you can spend under $30 per person and be full here. I haven't had anything that topped this place in NYC! Must try.
5 My favorite Chinese place in the city! I recommend this place to anyone goin got Chinatown. The wait is never ridiculously long (20-30 mins at most) and I've never seen this place empty. The food is tasty and filling; my personal favorites are the noodles with meat sauce and soup dumplings (both pictured). Shanghai 21 used to be called shanghai Asia manor.  They do only accept cash and Amex, so be sure to stop by the ATM before. I'd say it's relatively cheap, even for chinese!
5 Came based on Yelp reviews and it was fantastic !!!! Best Chinese I may have ever had. We had a table of six and several dishes. Would highly recommend
4 I know this place from back when it was still called Shanghai Manor, so I was excited to see what had changed and more importantly, what had stayed (hopefully the quality!).  Saturday late afternoon proved to still be a busy time, and we were promised a table in 30 minutes when we arrived at 2:30 PM. The wait was shorter, and we were seated and given tea.  Looking around, it seemed like the only thing that changed was the name - the decor, the servers, the uniforms, the colour scheme were all the same. Perusing through the menu, I realised my partner's allergies might be a point of contention for a Chinese establishment - he's allergic to mushrooms, which is used in 75% of our dishes.  When the waiter came, I gave them the notice and they made good on their promise when our food arrived. We got two Shanghai soup dumplings (pork only), a Shanghai Lo Mein with Shrimp and Beef, and an order of Bok Choy. The food came relatively quickly, but I was a bit disappointed that "no mushrooms" meant the bok choy would literally come as is - steamed, but no flavour to it. The soup dumplings were just as good as I remembered them, but I do think the wrapped could have been more thin. The soup and meat itself was still very savoury and delicious without being overpowering, The Shanghai Lo Mein was made just as it should have - slippery and juicy with just enough grease.  Overall, it was a good experience and I'm glad to know this Chinatown staple is still up and running, but I think I need to ditch the mushroom-averse friends before coming next time.
3 this is not Shanghainese food！all foods taste just so so. i don't know why they named it shanghai 21！
5 Wow! Another five (5) star! Can you believe ? Well you should because this place was amazing and very delicious and was total with it. My request is the Shanghai wontons! The best sauce, so spicy yet   Plus the scallion pancakes where out of this world ( I suggest you get the wantons and pancakes and use the wanton suave on the pancakes) you won't regret it! Also fast service too and professional (which I prefer).  Go
5 Some of the best dumplings I've ever had! Stopped by with some friends and we munched on a bunch of em. We had 2 orders of the black truffle, crabmeat XLB's, pan fried pork dumplings, Cantonese hot and sour soup, Szechuan wonton dumplings. Flavors here are on point and definitely authentic. These dumplings are perfect in size and are delicious. The black truffle was amazing and has some rich flavor. The hot and sour soup is super spicy. The wonton dumplings look super hot, but they definitely were on the mild side. I'll mark this place down as a must visit from now on as the quality of dumplings here are at another level. The restaurant itself is kept pretty clean despite it being in Chinatown. Highly recommend this place if you're craving XLB's or some authentic Shanghainese dishes.
4 After having the thinnest soup dumpling wrapper in my life at another restaurant in long island, I was immediately on the search for a similar fix in the city. This place ranks pretty closely to a delicious thin dumpling wrapper with a good portion of dumpling filling. They're very popular and not that big of a restaurant so there was definitely a wait. We waited about 20-30 minutes on a late saturday afternoon. Of course, I had to try the truffle soup dumplings- they're not the BEST thing in the world but they're definitely worth a try if you love truffle. I'm glad see chinese restaurants diving into the truffle scene. We also got the watercrest with mushroom which was a humongous platter. I was definitely filled with veggies afterwards. All in all, I enjoyed this spot because of the little bit of adventurous flavors and the comfort of chinese food flavors. My only gripe was that they only accepted american express for card, I wasnt able to use my credit card for dining for the 4x cashback.
4 Pretty good spot! The drunken chicken was very strong, which is how I prefer it. The soup dumplings are all pretty solid too, but their unique dish is the truffle soup dumplings. Initially skeptical, I actually liked these - very interesting and I've never seen this anywhere else. Didn't really try anything else besides the different soup dumplings and chicken, but everything looked pretty good.
5 This is the type of place where you just keep coming back. Been here about 5 times and it never disappoints- get the spicy Szechuan wontons, soup dumplings and fried tiny buns. All super affordable too!
2 We were here just today for a late lunch/early dinner and the place was underwhelming at best.   I ordered spicy cabbage and pepper/salt spicy squid. Neither the cabbage nor the squid were spicy at all, in fact they were simply saccharine  sweet in spite of the hot pepper and spicy symbol. I had to ask for chilies just to make it edible. While the squid was definitely cooked well, nice crunchy breading there is nothing about it that could not be had at any place that fries anything! The service was ok and the free hot tea they serve did little to offset either two orders gone horribly wrong or simply mislabeled mediocre dishes.    We also had eggplant in garlic sauce which too was well cooked dish simply drenched in what can only be described as Denny's pancake syrup with no hint of advertised flavor.
5 This was a very nice choice among all the choices. The staff was helpful in getting a nice balance of dishes. Big portions and clean.
5 Holy smokes what an amazing scallion pancake. My uncle visiting from abroad, and I, were at a neighboring restaurant only for some appetizers, when we had already paid our bill and noticed the table next to us eating scallion pancakes. He wanted to try some and I figure'd we can order them someplace else and walk and explore other places. Good thing we did! This was the most delicious scallion pancake I've ever eaten in my life, and he had never tried it before and it completely changed the world for him. Thank you!
5 OMG!! Best Dim Sum I have had yet.  My favorites were the pork soup dumplings and the tiny pork buns.  So worth the trip!  They even deliver!!
5 We came here on a Friday at around 2pm and there was about a 20 minute wait for 2- and it was definitely worth it. This place is awesome!  We started with the pork soup dumplings and black truffle soup dumplings, both of which were amazing. Every bite was bursting with flavor (literally). While the black truffle was delicious, I don't think it was worth twice the cost of the regular pork soup dumplings, so I probably would just go with regular pork next time.  The shanghai spring rolls were very good, as was the kung pao chicken and the pork fried rice. The serving sizes are generous, so come home hungry! Cash or Amex only.
5 Its very rare to find a place that takes credit cards in Chinatown, but this place does! Yes, rack in all those cash back points. Anyways the dishes are pretty good here. I came here for the soup dumplings and I thoroughly enjoyed them. I also ordered the enoki mushroom and vegtable dish and it was A LOT of mushrooms. like A LOT. I also tried the truffle soup dumplings and it was interesting to try but i'm not a fan of the truffle oil flavor in soup dumplings. I'll stuck to the regular soup dumpling sauce.
5 I've been on some dumpling kick for the past couple months and have been going around EVERYWHERE trying to find some bomb dumplings. We ordered the soup dumplings, the fried pork bun and the salt and pepper pork chops. The soup dumplings were decent, nothing TOO special. The fried pork bun was the true winner. So crispy at the bottom yet the bun itself is SO FLUFFY. The only thing I wished was that there could be more meat inside. The salt and pepper pork chops were super yummy and crispy!! It wasn't too salty which is the problem with most places. Definitely want to come again and try the truffle xiao long bao!!
4 Ditto the other reviews. Truffle soup dumplings. Need I say more??? Cash only and very busy at all times of the day
5 Once I dined at this establishment, I just gave up on any Chinese restaurants in my area. This food is incredible. I loved the dumplings and the enoki with watercress dish was the best best BEST! I would make a special trip to NYC just to get this awesome food it's that good!
4 Really solid restaurant. Food is hot, fresh, and authentic. Everything is also tasty and has a lot of flavor. I would definitely recommend one of the Lo Mein noodle dishes (Shanghai style noodle). Would definitely come back again.
4 Love the soup dumplings here, they're fresh and well seasoned. I've also tried the veggie dumplings, the scallion pancakes and general tso's chicken. Not a fan of their scallion pancakes, otherwise I enjoyed the rest. The place gets busy, so be patient! Also, bring cash or your Amex card, that's all they take.
5 I really love this place. Authentic and delicious Chinese food.  There are many Chinese restaurants in this area but by far this is the best.  Lunch or dinner there's always a line of people waiting.  Worth the wait though.  I go to this place for both take and dine in.  Food is always great- guess why there's always a line.  My family and guests that I've taken here all really love the place.  I highly highly recommend this restaurant.
1 Terrible delivery. They will cancel your order multiple times. Extremely rude and not helpful.
4 When there's a long line or wait for a place to eat, it's usually either a very touristy/hyped up place or it's actually really good. I would like to believe it's the latter for Shanghai 21. Always have the soup dumplings and noods cravings and this is the spot my friends and I always have on mind, also closest to everyone. And I wasn't joking one bit when I said long wait because after you put your name down, you're looking at around at least half an hour to 45 minutes, if not longer if you have a bigger party. I've been here several times and it always hits the spot and satisfies all cravings. I really like their soup dumplings because the soup in those dumplings is so good, practically like (meat/chicken - I know there's no chicken in there) broth and it's not your typical oily soup. I mean, some people probably really love the oiliness of the soup in their soup dumplings but I rather go with these. It's served steaming hot in their bamboo steamers, six dumplings in one. The skin is extremely thin and not at all thick at the knot, and with a little ginger vinegar, it seals the deal! The stir fry/pan-fry noodles are always good as well. At times I would consider it too oily, leaving quite a layer of oil on my lips. But you're already there to stuff your face, so who cares? It's always good to go with a few other people and share multiple dishes and sides/appetizers. I usually get the sliced beef perfectly marinated. I often get the scallion pancakes to share as well, best to split with four people, one slice per person. There are plenty of other dishes on the menu to choose from if you're feeling unsure about what to get. The place is not the cleanest but tolerable and ok to overlook a bit for the food. The service is a hit or miss thing but nothing unacceptable. And it's usually a quick meal anyways.  Definitely would recommend for those with strong cravings for Shanghainese food, especially for soup dumplings. I personally would keep going back and fight off all hangriness but if you're super hungry, I'm not sure if the wait is for you.
5 After reading other yelp reviews we decided to try the dumplings. One word. Delicious!! Food was fresh, hot and very tasty. Will be back!
4 Very good experience and food. Short waiting period. We ordered fried dumplings, soup dumplings, pancakes, sesame chicken and noodles. Everything was delicious.
5 Want some fast service with friendly smile? Looking for the best best tasting Crab & shrimp soup dumplings, Shanghai style pan fried noodles, Szechuan shredded beef & sweet Red bean pancake? This is it!!!!   Shanghai 21
2 Came here for a date on Saturday morning and it was thankfully not super packed. Although when we left, it was starting to get very crowded.   The ambiance of this place is nice and they take American Express (no other cards) and cash only. The service was pretty fast and good.   We came and got an order of fried dumplings, soup dumplings and the Shanghainese fried noodles.   The fried dumplings came in an order of 6 for $6.50ish. They were OK. The soup dumplings came in an order for 6 for about the same price so not that bad. The meat though for both dumplings tasted sour. I don't know what it was but it really turned me off. I couldn't finish the food and I always finish food.   The Shanghai noodles though were very good. They were like lo mein noodles but fried with a nice sauce and gravy on top. There was a hefty portion of meat which was nice.   Overall, an OK place, but those dumplings really made me nervous eating here again.
5 My two friends and I came here on a Saturday night for dinner around 6. We seemed to had come right before the rush as our wait time was only 30 minutes. By the time we were seated the queue time was over an hour wait. Despite the long queue, the staff was very attentive to us and didn't make us feel rushed to order or pay.   Hearing many good things about their soup dumplings we wanted to try them for ourselves. We got all three types, the pork, the pork and crab, and the black truffle. Which were all priced reasonably. Their soup dumplings definitely lived up to the hype and were incredibly flavorful and delicious. The black truffle was definitely the best out of the three types, with the pork and pork and crab equally as good. We also ordered the shrimp lo mein which was nothing special but very good as well.  Would definitely recommend this place for their soup dumplings.
5 Awesome black truffle soup dumplings!  We have tried all of their soup dumplings and they are all great!  Quick service and reasonable prices!
4 Had lunch at Shanghai 21 on Sunday afternoon. Ordered a ton of food and enjoyed almost everything. Plus you just can't beat the prices.  Quality: With a group of four friends we went to town on the menu. We started with a bunch of Dim Sum. The Shrimp Dumplings were simple, but delicious. The Steamed Pork Dumplings were probably the worst item we had, but still not bad. The Black Truffle Soup Dumplings With Pork were excellent, but only order if you truly love truffle. The Szechuan Style Wontons were spicy and delicious, also the only dish we needed a second order of. The General Tso's Chicken was one of the best I have ever had with such well cooked chicken instead of the mush that usually comes. The Beef Pan-Fried Noodles were okay as was the Shanghai Style Fried Rice, but neither are things I would need to order again. Quantity: This is a spot you come with a group and just order a little bit of everything. Value: $13 for Black Truffle Soup Dumplings With Pork. $7 for Szechuan Style Wontons. $6 for Shrimp Dumplings. $7 for the Steamed Pork Dumplings. $15 for the General Tso's Chicken. $14 for the Beef Pan-Fried Noodles. $10 for the Shanghai Style Fried Rice. Ambiance: Shanghai 21 is located in Manhattan's Chinatown. The corner restaurant is very easy to miss if you don't know where you are going. Inside the dining space is jam packed. They really maximize the space with tables as close as you can possibly put them. The walls have massive glowing pictures of the food and the paint is bright neon green, which seemed like a weird choice. In the background 80s love ballads played, also a bit strange. Crowd: We had to wait about forty-five minutes for a table. This popular spot nearly always has a wait. Service: Friendly service and the food comes out quick. Cash and American Express only. Parking: The nearby streets were all closed off for pedestrians and even further out street parking is tough.
4 Stopped by as we were exploring Chinatown for a light lunch. While the restaurant was busy, we were able to get seated immediately and were served complimentary green tea. I thought that the overall quality of the food was great. I really enjoyed the soup dumplings with pork - the broth was very flavorful. We also ordered the Szechuan Style wontons, which was a bit too sweet and not spicy enough for my taste.
5 Soup dumplings are a WILD experience, and I'm very glad I had that experience. Delicious, weird, and incredibly affordable. Chicken fried rice was also great -- I never finish fried rice and I did here. Slight wait, but nothing outrageous for lunch. Love that they carry Coke products.
5 Soup dumplings are insane! We also got the sesame noodles, which were very tasty. This place is always the highlight out my trip. I do recommend coming right when they open or else it will be super hard to get in.
4 this place is good .I would recommend having the black truffle and pork soup dumplings the rice was not my favorite. the shredded beef was really good and we also tried the bok choy and garlic sauce that was okay. I would definitely come back here for the black truffle soup dumplings, but next time I would try some noodles which I noticed a lot of people were ordering.
4 This place always seems to be busy. We came here and found out that there was a pretty long wait, so we skipped. Fast forward a month later, we came back and found out the wait was only 15 mins or so, so we waited.  This restaurant is located at the corner of Mott st and Mosco st, in Chinatown. I saw the Yelp reviews and they were plentiful and for the most part pretty good.  We ordered a good amount of food, so I feel like I got a good sampling. We shared the kung pao chicken, beef pan fried noodles, pan fried dumplings, and the soup dumplings.  I actually like both dumplings, slightly preferring the pan fried over the soup dumplings. The portion sizes of the kung pao and pan fried noodles were on the large side. It was actually quite a bit of food. Everything I tried that day was very good.
5 My favorite Chinese food out of all. Really friendly and helpful staff. The food taste great. It was kinda surprise because there was soup in the dumplings, not my favorite but out of all loved everything else.
5 When I go to Chinatown I always come here if I can. They sometimes have a long wait but it's worth it if you can wait. I enjoy their dishes and they recently renovated so the space is slightly bigger than before. The only accept American Express if you're using a credit card, otherwise bring cash for sure! I always get my staples at this place: definitely one order of their soup dumplings. Personally think this place has one of the best. Their wu xi spiced spares ribs. And if they have watercress in season then definitely that. You can't go wrong with any of their dishes so be adventurous!
2 This place was PACKED! but the food honestly wasn't that great. I came here with two friends for dinner and had nearly an hour wait outside. It is definitely cleaner and more inviting than the restaurants nearby but food was a bit disappointing. The soup dumplings are just ok, my pan fried noodles with beef were definitely lackluster. The sauce was really thick and a bit gummy and it had no flavor other than just salt. Manhattan's chinatown just seems to be a total tourist trap now!
4 Ok, so we are going to have a late dinner (around 8PM) so walking around Mott Street my son and I decided to have a quick pre-dinner snack at around 5PM and selected Shanghai 21.  Wo Hop was a few doors down but to much of a line so Shanghai it was.  So very happy we went to Shanghai.  Small but certainly bigger that Wo Hop so more comfortable.  We ordered soup dumplings, pan fried pork dumplings and an order or scallion pancakes.  Each one was so good and the pancakes maybe the best I have ever had.  The soup dumplings had a very flavorful broth and the pan fried pork dumplings just the right texture and amount of pork. BUT the pancakes, crisp and so amazing. Wanted to order an other round but knowing our dinner was going to be a large order (Pig and Khao) we played it smart and stopped.  Service was good and the food came out quickly.  Of note they only take American Express cards (with a $20 min) and cash.   So my three items came out to only $17 but they did allow me to charge the meal. Yes, not only so good but cheap!!  This will have to be a return visit the next time I come to NYC!
1 The hostess lady was a witch!  We waited a long time for a booth because we had kids and she seated us at a middle table in the middle, when the booth opened she refused to let us sit there and we did not even order yet. Chinese witch!  We would never eat there ever!!!
5 Excellent! Place is cleaner and more inviting than many restaurants nearby. Service (at an off hour) was quick and friendly.   I had a special: diced chicken with roasted pine nuts in lettuce wraps with hosin sauce. Delicious and fresh. Also had steamed pork dumplings, which were typical but good, and shrimp and watercress dumpllngs, which were exquisite.   Check this place out!
4 The best soup dumplings in all of Chinatown. Their other items are good, but do not hold a candle to their dumplings.   Come here for the soup dumplings, but if you must have an actual entree, I recommend the Zha Jiang Mian or the Fried Noodles.
4 So I lived in California for 3 years and stumbled upon a great soup dumplings restaurant that I fell in love with in San Diego. After moving back to NYC I had a craving one night and found Shanghai 21.  The foodwas great, service was slow and it was just a random Thursday night, Only reason they didn't get 5 stars. Would definitely recommend though!  - the black truffle dumplings were PERFECT. We also had the scallion pancakes, crispy and light. Very nice flavor as well.
4 Came here for dinner on a Sunday night with my family. I've walked past this place several times and every time there's at least a 30 minute wait and of course, I wanted to see what all the fuss is about! The menu is quite extensive and we ordered an assortment of dishes including xiaolongbao, sheng jian bao, and nian gao, all the cornerstone Chinese dishes. The sheng jian bao could've used some more cook time cause they were a little too bread-y, not fried enough. The nian gao has great texture but was a little lacking on flavor. Overall everything was pretty good and the food came out really quickly.
4 $63.96 dinner bill less tip for 4 people is a bargain by any standard, never mind in NYC. The bigger surprise was how good the food actually was. We ordered the truffle and pork soup dumpling, regular pork dumplings, 2 individual orders of egg drop soup, 1 medium order of corn chicken soup, chicken lo mein, half roast duck and 1 green grass jelly w/ soy milk drink. The soup dumpling and regular pork dumplings came out nice and hot, and delicious to boot. The truffle flavor in the soup dumpling was very apparent, and definitely made the flavor profile much more interesting. The chicken lo mein was above average, with the lo mein noodle itself with a more substantial and chewy texture making the difference (think al dente). The roast duck drumsticks were a bit dry for my taste, but the entire dish was delicious nonetheless. Peking duck it wasn't, but the dish didn't come with the Peking duck price either! Don't expect atmosphere or even kitschy, since the place is unabashedly about the food. The small space can also get quite noisy at times. But the service is friendly and attentive enough. There was a fairly even mix of Chinese and non-Asians to give the place a bit of an interesting vibe. One word of warning, they only take AMEX or cash.
4 First time dining here at this restaurant, a great place for Shanghai dumplings "Xiao long boa"! I'd highly recommend also, their drunken chicken, it's the best I've had so far!
5 I'm obsessed with this place. My friend and I went for dinner, and the wait wasn't terrible. However, be careful because during dinner time the list can get kind of annoying, so just be sure to come on the earlier side. This restaurant is super accessible by train, and it's in a very bustling area of Chinatown which is nice if you want dessert or just to walk around after eating. Service is super fast and efficient too. The portions are super generous and the food was super affordable, and my friend and I barely finished everything.  FOOD: Xiao long bao (5/5) - These soup dumplings were divine. I recommend getting one order of the original pork ones just to get a taste of a classic done right. The dumpling wraps were clearly handmade and very thin, perfect for soup dumplings.   Truffle Xiao long bao (5/5) - Oh my god. You HAVE to get these soup dumplings. I've had the Din Tai Fung truffle xiao long bao, and this dish blew that one out of the water. These are probably the best soup dumplings I've ever had.   Enoki mushrooms and watercress (5/5) - This was a super unique dish. The sauce on the enoki mushrooms was the perfect amount of savory and the combo of greens and mushrooms was delicious.   Shanghai rice cakes (4.5/5) - This was the least impressive dish of the bunch but was still delicious. It's a classic Shanghainese plate, and was very good. The sauce was a little unevenly coated on the cakes but the rice cakes were chewy and cooked to perfection.
4 This restaurant was very great! Amazing soup dumplings. I loved the atmosphere and watching the chefs prepare the dumplings is always fun. Will definitely come back on my next visit to New York.
4 Good spot for chinese food, especially for soup dumplings.  The Scallion Pancakes were so light and crispy and not greasy at all! Salt & Pepper Squid also had a great texture and the portion size was pretty big. The soup dumplings were a good size and the broth was tasty.  **CASH OR AMERICAN EXPRESS ONLY**  Service was quick & friendly.
5 Stopped in to escape the heat and found a great little Chinese restaurant. Just stopped to get a drink, but ended up getting an order of shrimp dumplings. EXCELLENT. Service was courteous and on top of everything.
5 Great dumplings. Pork soup dumplings were very well done. Really enjoyed the Szechuan style wonton and mini steamed pork buns as well. Good service too. No alcohol served.
4 Really glad we tried this spot instead of going to Joe's again! Ordered the black truffle soup dumplings, pan fried tiny buns (recommended by the server), regular shrimp dumplings (also recommended), scallion pancakes, and noodles with meat sauce. Scallion pancake was light and crunchy, and not filling, so you still maintain your appetite for the rest of the meal. Shrimp dumpling was good though not as impressive; but the tiny fried buns lacked flavor and were our least favorite. Standouts were the soup dumplings and the noodles with meat sauce,  which were both deliciously flavorful.  Noodles were nice & chewy with the rich, meaty sauce, and the dipping sauce for the dumplings was soo addictive and tasty that we could've drank it  So good! Go here ;)
3 A three star may seem unfair, but here's the thing.  The food was three stars.  It was perfectly fine.  If this restaurant were anywhere else, it might even rate 3.5 to 4 stars for INEXPENSIVE Chinese Food.  However, it isn't just anywhere, it is in NYC's Chinatown, and frankly, I just expected just a bit better.  Cold Sesame Noodles were blah.  Our Salt and Pepper shrimp were, well, fine.  My experience with this dish elsewhere (Tampa's Yummi House, for example) had far more crunchy bits of hot peppers than this rather tame version had.  Again, it was....fine.  Our Vegetable Fried Rice was tasty...it just lacked a lot of vegetables (it was more Fried Rice featuring the occasional bean sprout and diced carrot).  Again, it was a great value for the money.  We finished every dish.  It was perfectly fine.  But worth the drive into the city and heading to Chinatown for a 4 to 5 star experience?  Hardly.  So the upside - you will get tasty food for a very reasonable price.  Downside - if you are expecting a world class experience, keep looking.
4 WARNING: Amex and cash ONLY  I love this place so much. I've been coming here for about 4 years now; before they changed their name!  The soup dumplings are great, scallion pancakes are delish and not dripping with oil, and the service is prompt and polite.   Shanghai 21 is extremely inexpensive. I most recently brought in a party of 8, ordered over 50 dumplings, scallion pancakes, and noodles... cost a whopping $85 with tax and tip. AKA, a great place for a cheap date or to take out-of-town folks for an inexpensive dinner that won't put them in NYC price shock!  Ambiance: 4 (it can be loud and cold) Food: 5 Service: 4 Price: 5 Overall: 4.5  Recommendation: Go. Here. Now. You'll love it.   P.S. No push carts, this is not cantonese style dim sum.
4 Yum!!! Best soup dumpling I've had in Chinatown!   This is definitely the place to go if you're not feeling a trek to flushings! The soup dumplings are larger than normal sized, so don't be alarmed that the servings come in 6 rather than 8 at some places.  Each dumpling is packed with so much soup! And the dumpling skin is the perfect thinness, not too chewy and doughy at all. I truly enjoyed the pork soup dumplings. We also ordered the crab meat soup dumplings and those come with a ball of crabmeat at the center of a pork soup dumpling! Yum!   I wouldn't order anything but the soup dumplings here though. The Kao fu we ordered was drenched in soy sauce and SO SALTY, and the wood ear lacked fresh crunch (kinda smooshy)   Service was quick, they even let us switch to a table near the outlets for phone charging purposes! Only had to wait Less than 10 min on a Saturday prime lunch time.   5 stars for soup dumpling, 3 stars for other foods.
4 Very good! Seated promptly - ate delicious steamed dumplings, Shanghai noodles, crispy duck, and really great chicken fried rice for my son. Be aware any soda is can not fountain and they only take cash and amex, but other than that it was perfect. I'd definitely come back.
5 Their dumplings are sooooooo yummy  I wouldn't hesitate to go again. Not other dishes though. They are just average.
5 Tasty and perfect yelp/grubhub ordering and delivery experience. We even put in special comments in the online order for modifications and got exactly what we requested. Both the chicken and beef lomein had tender and tasty meat and everything tasted fresh. Very happy to have tried this and would definitely order again or visit their actual restaurant. Good value too, considering the prices in the area.
5 Through all these years that passed since my first review we've visited this place many many times. And after each meal we leave with the strong conformation from taste to service to value that this is THE BEST CHINESE RESTAURANT we know in Chinatown Manhattan, PERIOD! NONE of the multiple dishes we've tried, NONE of the servers (who are very efficient, nice and hard working people) ever disappointed us, like it happens more often then not in numerous other places we've tried around the area. With the name change recently we've got a bit worry about the same excellent quality, would it be still there? But our worries were for nothing, because except of the name nothing has changed : ). Thanks to the whole team for making us very happy and satisfied with our experiences.
4 The food and service was very good but not great.  As someone who has been a loyal customer of Joe Shanghai's, the soup dumplings and the dishes couldn't hold a candle to Joe's.  Not to say I wouldn't go back again, it's just one of many soup dumpling restaurants in a 3-5 block radius of each other.  The wait during lunch and dinner is not terrible, maybe 20-25 minutes, as opposed to Joe's where it can average 45-65 minutes.
5 Fast service and great food. Kung Pao Chicken, General Tso's Chicken, Baby Shrimp fried rice and Pan-fried pork dumplings. All delicious! Eager to go back
4 Best soup dumplings I've ever had. Giving it 4 stars because they delivery usually takes long and there's always a wait, but it's worth it! There are a few dishes i could do without, but their soup dumplings are to die for. The crispy shredded beef is AMAZING! Thank me lat
5 If you are a tourist visiting Chinatown, Joe's Ginger and Nom Wah Tea Parlor are two must-gos! Though both often have lines, Joe's is a bit easier to get into usually. However, for a visitor who has either been to both or does not wish to wait in line, I highly recommend Shanghai 21. The place did not have a line but clearly does great business. The service is good and they move people in and out efficiently. I had the pork soup dumplings which were as good as the ones at Joe's Ginger. I also enjoyed the scallion pancakes. I would go back!
5 Their soup dumplings and jumbo shrimp are very good. Walk-ins only, but I can understand why there is usually a 30-45 minute wait during busy hours. The staff is friendly and the food is served quickly.
4 Regular soup dumplings are the best! It has a lot of juice inside and is very tasty! Soup dumpling with crab meat is amazing! The seafood smell is well immersed in the dumpling. Highly recommend if you like seafood! The water crest shrimp dumplings are average, the filling is a bit dry, and the taste is very interesting. It is unique, but I am not a big fan of the watercrest filling. The fried tiny buns with pork is alright, not bad, just nothing stand out. The bottom is well and evenly fried.  There is always a wait at the door. And they ONLY accept American Express card or Cash!!!!!
5 My favorite place to go for dumplings! It is really cheap! Food is great! Service is awesome! The food come out quick after you order! They are very friendly as well. My favorite dish is the Watercress Shrimp Dumplings! they are to die for! It's always packed on weekends and waiting time can be long, I would suggest going during week days.
5 The food here is amazing! It's a go to spot for me and my girlfriend almost everyday Friday after work. Definitely recommend the Kao Fu Cold dish Gluten. Delicious and very satisfying. The soup dumpling is top notch! one of the Best soup Dumpling spot in NYC.
4 This place was delicious and a great alternative for those that want soup dumplings but don't want to wait too long at Joe's Shanghai. It is a tight little space, so we had to wait outside for about 30 minutes for our table. A friend had recommended the truffle soup dumplings and they did not disappointment. We also got scallion pancakes were delicious - their breading is different than other places. They don't take credit card, which many places in Chinatown don't - so remember to bring cash!
4 Authentic Shanghai cuisine of great value. Delicious pork soup dumplings and fish head soup!
5 The two of us stopped to share items off the appetizer portion of the menu.  First we tried the fried scallion pancake. It tastes good but it's not really "food" -- more like fried breading.  One of 4 was enough. Next we enjoyed steamed vegetables, 6 for $6.25. My favorite, I could have had 6 more steamed vegetables and nothing else. Finally we had 6 fried tiny buns with pork ($6.25).  The Tiny Buns were good, but all in all,  we agreed veggie dumpling was best.
1 since i am shanghainese, i can say that the food is more cantonese than shanghainese although you can order the prototypical shanghainese dishes. more disappointing is the service. and in the end with the average service they include an over 20% service charge. they accept american express and cash only. my husband tried to argue the mandatory service charge and the owner lady said if we leave the restaurant they will call the police for short changing them $2 because he did not have exact change on him. so, if you want average chinese food with gouging service and be screamed at to "shut up" by the owner, you are welcome to visit this place. btw, if these are common practices in the nyc restaurants, ie mandatory service charge, then this is news to me, but still disappointing.
4 Cozy restaurant in the middle of Chinatown. Expect a slight wait if going on a weekend. But the Dumplings are worth the wait!
5 We sat in 5 minutes on the weekend and the food came out nice and hot. The soup dumplings were actually made the caution because they didnt fall apart when you pick them up. The rice cakes were perfectly chewy and the Hong Kong fried rice had the crispy little shrimps that I like.
4 Get the TRUFFLE SOUP DUMPLINGS. These are the star of the show and the main reason why this restaurant gets so much buzz. I would also say their Szechuan style dumplings / wontons and pork dumplings are good as well.   Come here for those items, but everything else is just "ok." For example, we ordered the fried rice and it was pretty bad..needed a lot more flavor or maybe just a little bit of soy sauce? so pro tip, just stick to the soup dumplings and things like it.
3 This is a decent place to visit in Chinatown. The soup dumplings aren't bad but I have been to better places in the vicinity. The fried meat was EXTREMELY oily and that was a turn off.  In future, I may order less oilier options, since I know now.
4 This place is always quite crowded whenever I pass by, so I've been dissuaded from going. However, today, I had a friend wait in line for me so I didn't need to wait for too long.  One thing to note is that this place is not a dim sum place - there aren't carts going around and the interior isn't the most spacious. There are giant magnified pictures of the food on the wall, in case you can't see the food on your own table well enough.  We ordered truffle soup dumplings, pork and crab soup dumplings, and rice cake with pork and preserved vegetables. My favorite was definitely the standard pork and crab soup dumplings - they were really flavorful and almost sweet. They were also the first thing I had and I was incredibly hungry. The truffle soup dumplings were a little bit of a letdown - definitely not worth the $13 or so price, and I got tired of them midway through the 2nd one. Not bad to try with a group of friends, but I probably wouldn't get again. The rice cake was delicious, and was a good amount of food, perfect to share with two people! Also a fair price. In the future, I would probably try out the shanghainese noodles, and save some money without the truffle xiao long baos. All in all, a pretty solid experience.
5 There are many 'best restaurants in Chinatown', but this is one of them - it's our absolute favorite place to go in the entire city. The soup dumplings are the best, the Szechuan style wontons are so perfectly spicy, and the fried pork dumplings and shrimp dumplings are special. The watercress sauteed with enoki mushrooms (there's a great big mural of them on the wall) and the shredded pork with garlic sauce are two of our other favorites, but the entire menu is great and is great for vegetarians. I'm usually not the biggest fan of veggie dumplings, but they're so good here. Everyone that I've brought here is obsessed with the place.  Finally, the people who work here are so friendly. I don't know if this place is family run or not but it feels like it. This is a special restaurant.
4 If you're in Chinatown and looking for dumplings, this is the place. Clean establishment with good customer service.
5 If you're visiting Chinatown, you definitely want to stop here for the dumplings. Absolutely cooked to perfection. We also had the Sesame Chicken and vegetable rolls which were excellent as well. We arrived after 4:30 with no wait. Servers were very attentive as well.
4 I looove soup dumplings and Shanghai 21 fulfilled my cravings perfectly!  We had the classic soup dumplings as well as the black truffle soup dumplings. I thought the broth was flavorful and plenty, and the skin thin enough to break easily. The filling was super yummy as well. I had never even heard of black truffle dumplings before and it was certainly a very unique taste- but I definitely preferred the classics.   The service was good as well, but it is important to know there's often a wait so maybe head on over there a few minutes before you want to eat so you don't mind the wait as much. I'll also add that while they told my friend and I it'd be a 45 minute wait (around 9pm on a Friday night) it ended up being more like 25.
5 I'm the newcomer in this place and what I found the place was so busy but the atmosphere was so good. The food was more fabulous especially the Asian style food. I had seafood, rice and pasta. The service was also quick and friendly. Planning to visit again soon.
4 Amazingly fast service and great food! I had the pan fried noodles with chicken, husband had pork dumplings, and we shared the spring rolls. Those SPRING ROLLS were AMAZING. Noodles taste better after sitting I think, it allows the sauces to soak into the noodles. I was in between the pan fried noodles and the chow mein, kind of wish I got the chow mein, it may be tastier?
5 Soup dumplings were awesome! We had the broccoli and water spinach as well. Everything was really tasty and service was fast.  Only thing is that there might be a waiting time so make sure to go there early.
5 Great fresh dumplings! We have ordered take out a few times. The flour for the dumplings are made fresh and the ingredients are good. Not your typical Chinese restaurant in a good way. When you take a savory bite, you will indulge in true freshness.  Even our family Pomeranian enjoyed the fish dish.
5 Ordered this through delivery and it came quicker than what was expected! Pork dumpling and sesame chicken were delicious! Would definitely get this again.
4 this place only takes cash and american express only!!!  the food was very good. we got beef fried rice, sesame chicken, kung pao and pork and garlic sauce. all our meals were very good except the sesame chicken was a little tough. we also got some pan fried dumplings which were also very good.
5 Delicious and fast. I ordered hot and sour soup, pork soup dumplings and Shanghai style rice cakes. Everything was amazing. I could eat it everyday. Thank you.
5 Let's call this a Dumpling Daze. I devoured the pork soup dumplings, the black truffle soup dumplings, and the shrimp dumplings in under six minutes.   Sat next to the playground nearby and have no idea who was around me and what the kids did and what day it was and if the sun was shining but OH YOU CAN BET I know how great these dumplings were as I soared through a world of luxurious, rich, fresh flavors that need no soy sauce, no ginger, no nothing. Just perfect as they are.   The founder of the dumplings-themed Instagram DumplingGang recommended this place to me and, well, she's a pro who knows her dumplings. I'll be raving about these from here on out. Cannot wait to come back for a straight-up dim sum meal.  5 stars!!!!!!!
3 Had been dying to try this place for about a year.  And when we finally had the opportunity it was a slight disappointment.  The pan fried dumplings were amazing! As were the fried noodle dish with chicken but something very "ordinary" like chicken and broccoli was so...so... ....oh well c'est la vie!
5 Best dumplings I've ever tried. It's worth the five stars in itself.   The place was totally packed when we arrived and continued to be full for our entire stay. This place is popular for a reason.
5 Mmmm soup dumplings! This place doesn't get as much credit as it deserves since Joes Shanghai seems so much more popular. We tried the truffle soup dumplings and the Shanghai noodles.  The truffle soup dumplings were soooo good! The dumplings came out hot, flavor was delicious and the broth was clear. I especially loved the broth because it tasted cleaner than Joes Shanghai (the broth was kinda murky/cloudy from the pork). Not sure if it tasted that much better because truffle was added, but I doubt it. I really regret not ordering the regular soup dumplings to compare to Joes Shanghai, but we were so full from everything else we ate during the trip.   The Shanghai noodles were tasty too. Kinda oily but that's how it usually is. The noodles kind of had a chewy texture (how it should be) so it was good. Definitely want to come back again!
4 The best watercress and shrimp dumplings that I have ever had.  So perfectly made - beautiful and tasty.  The Shrimp lo Meir was also delish!
3 Let me say this has been my FAVORITE joint for soup dumplings.  However I unfortunately have to share my unpleasant experience- last nights order I found a thick metal ring in my lo-mein pork-shrimp noodles (never going to order that again) It was so hard it could have cracked my tooth. Which is terrifying.   To have the metal ring in my mouth was beyond shocking - the metal wasn't a small one. However once I called and complained they were very gracious & accommodating, they sent me 2 more dishes of my choice (soup dumplings & shrimp chive dumplings ) on the house & it was delivered very quickly!   (ps- personally I'd just stick to the soup dumplings & regular dumplings) that never disappoints & that's what is the best.   Shanghai 21 - I've been your biggest fan for your food- but it's so disappointing to have such a horrible / scary experience- please do a better job in your maintenance & reputation.
4 The only thing that disappoints is the wait, and that it's not BYOB.  Soup dumpling are top notch
5 The food here is fantastic- one of the best Chinese restaurants in NYC. The hostess Genie is super friendly and we didn't have to wait long. There is a mix of everything on the menu and a great variety Of vegan and vegetarian options to choose from! We got the scallion pancakes which were HUGE! The Shanghai lo Mein with vegetables, bean curd with vegetables and the watercress with mushrooms. Everything was tasty, fresh and our waiter Brandon was knowledge and helped guide us through the menu! Will definitely be back!
3 Shanghai 21 specializes in dumplings & they do serve some good ones. There're a few different varieties, but I do recommend their steamed watercress & shrimp dumplings ($5.50 for 4). Their spicy wontons ($6.75 for 8) are also pretty good. Their xiao long bao's just mediocre though, there're def better ones to get in NY. Although, they do serve black truffle xlb and they have pretty unique taste.  Their other dishes're also pretty solid + above average portion size + bigger space + fast service , so you can't really go wrong coming here. ** 3 1/2 stars overall **
4 This place was delicious. It was my first time to have soup dumplings and most of them were stuck together so the soup kind of spilled out when we grabbed them which doesn't seem right.. tasty none the less! The greenbeans were good and we had a huge amount of food for less then $40.
5 I have recently visited Shanghai 21 because of a recommendation of their dim sum. Now I will be recommending this place from now on! Im a very big dumpling fan and this was one of the best dumplings Ive ever had! I also like their scallion pancakes very much. It is a small place in Chinatown NYC. On a Saturday night around 7 I waited around 45 minutes to be seated however I did not mind the wait. The food was very authentic and very cheap. We ordered pork soup dumplings, fried pork dumplings, sesame lo mein and scallion pancakes. All that food came out to $30 with a generous tip. I definitely recommend Shanghai 21.
5 i love dumplings because it is just one type of food that you can put one shot in your mouth and then enjoy the WHOLE THING !!!   All kind of dumplings are delicious, but soup dumplings are undoubtedly the best kind, recently there are many new soup dumpling restaurant appeared along in NYC here and there !!!   Today I found a new place  and it is going to rank as in my list as   The best SOUP DUMPLING in NYC   Hand made very authentic!! Reasonable price... yummy good service   Never will let you down  Will definitely come back again
5 Yes there is usually a wait time for this place but oof it's worth it. The dumplings... AMAZING. I always leave her satisfied- definitely my go to dumpling spot. their pan fried and soup dumpling are my usual and their scallion pancakes are also BOMB but ya your really can't go wrong here.
5 One of my favorite dim sum experiences besides China...  It was between this and another super popular place but I was glad a came here.  I came in with one other person on a weekday and was seated immediately.  Our waiter gave some great recommendations and even helped answer some questions.  They menu was pretty extensive and had a lot of options.  They even had a Specials menu for the day which we also got some items from.    We ended up getting quite a few things but one of my favorites included their Szechuan Style Spicy Wontons and their Black Truffle Soup Dumplings.  Both were so good I am unsure which I prefer more.  I highly recommend both.  You must try them!!!  The Szechuan Style dumplings are great if you love spicy and a little sweet.  The sauce it came in was so good the person I came with would use the other dumplings with it.  The black truffle soup dumplings had the strong smell of truffles which I loved and tasted full of it.  Yummy!  We ordered their pickled cucumbers off the daily special which went great with everything.  The service was excellent.  Our server was nice and took care of us.  The food came fast and the restaurant even takes AmEx!!!  I was so glad we came here and recommend it.  You will not disappointed if you love dim sum.
3 Ok, so I have often said that service at a Chinese restaurant doesn't matter, and it is true as long as the food expectations are met.  But, I do not like it when people go out of the way to be rude.  Case in point, my wife asked the waiter if he spoke Chinese.  Now, a simple yes or no would do the trick.  Instead the answer was "it doesn't matter."  Ok, now that's just a waste of breath for no apparent reason other than to be rude.  Anyway, getting back to the food.  I came to this place for its SJB.  And I was disappointed.  The skin was too thick, not enough juice, and they didn't even call it correctly in English.  I truly suspect that they just took packages SJB from the local equivalent of Ranch 99 and used it.    Now, fortunately the other dishes we picked we pretty good.  The crab/pork XLB was quite tasty.  The thin sliced beef was also excellent.  In fact, if they just chucked the SJB, their food choices would have been great.  But the combo of rudeness and crappy SJB means I will be skipping the place the next time around.  Lastly, this place doesn't accept Visa or Master, only AmEx and cash.  It is a bit strange, I wonder if it is because they don't want credit cards at all.  Oh well.  Anyway, the food wasn't too bad, but avoid this place if you are looking for good SJB.
5 Truffle dumplings are expensive but worth it. Not as ruched a joe's shanghai and the worst is much more reasonable. Soup dumplings are worth it---don't come here without ordering them. They are soupy, flavorful, and small enough to fit in your mouth. Really exceptional---better than joe's shanghai and I've been going there for 15 years.
4 Great Shanghainese place with big portions! Fyi the bowl of rice is HUGE.  Been here twice, came out stuffed twice too lol. Here's the rundown!  Scallion pancakes Crisp, almost no filling. I would skip this, I've had much better elsewhere.  Pork soup dumplings / XLB Pretty good! Doesn't have that porky smell/taste if you know what I mean. If I remember correctly, skin is thicker than average but it's ok it protects the yummy juices.  Chicken corn soup Good, great when you're starving and can't wait for the mains lol.  Chicken or beef stir fried rice cake So good!! If you don't have food restrictions, it tastes better with beef. The slices of beef are very tender. The rice cakes are nice and chewy. There's some vegetables also so you can pretend it's healthy ;)  Shi jin guo ba (assorted meat potage with sizzling rice) Nice surprise! It comes with squares of crispy rice and they pour the sauce with the goodies on your table. The sauce is orangy and couldn't place my finger on it but this is great!  Wu xi spare ribs  Soy based tender pork ribs, loved by my picky brother.  Watercress and enoki mushrooms Yum! A refreshing break from the heavy saucy stuff  Garlic eggplant Delicious! Eggplant slices were nice and tender and sauce was flavorful. Be careful as this may burn your mouth!  Crispy duck Do not get this. It was dry and hard and surprisingly disappointing given how great the other food were.
4 Good quality food, large servings, good prices plain vanilla location. Good for large groups & families on a budget
2 Subpar food. Ordered Black truffle dumplings and Pork over rice with peppers for delivery. Although the delivery was on time, the dumplings were flavorless and pork was pretty chewy. I wanted to write this review just so that I remember not to order from here again.
4 Their soup dumplings - 4/5  Veggie dumplings- 5/5  Dan dan noodles - 2/5 Soy milk with tapioca - 3/5 Double sautéed pork with rice - 3/5 Shredded pork with rice - 4/5  Kung pao chicken - 2/5  Most of the food was good but a good chili oil would have made it great. I asked for my double cooked pork on rice to be extra spicy but it just was not.   Food alone is 3/5 stars. Our waiter was patient and amazing, hence the 4 stars.
5 The soup dumplings are so AMAZING! Every time I come to visit NYC I always come here. Definitely will recommend this to anyone and everyone!
1 My family visited NYC this week and went to this restaurant based on the recommendation of a local.  "Best dumplings" we had heard. The waiter barely understood English (not a big deal for Chinatown) but he didn't understand most of our questions/comments. He actually got handsy with my five year old... rubbing his head and even took his fork playfully and pretended to eat his food.  He kept putting his hands on my son's shoulders and saying how cute he was.   Unacceptable.   I said "that's enough" and he got the message thankfully.  Who touches the customers without consent?!?  You might think I'm overreacting but you should've been there... made me and my wife uncomfortable.   Then he hovered over us the whole meal like he wouldn't let us eat.   The lobster cream sauce dish was like $30 and unappetizing looking and my mom was only able to eat a few bites. The dumplings were ok but not worth the trip.  They didn't mention cash only and we were informed of this when the bill arrived... kind of hard on a $100+ bill.  First sit down restaurant I've been to that doesn't accept cards.   Then the awful waiter broke out his calculator to determine what tip he was getting before he took our money.  Sorry but that is NEVER how tipping works. You break out a calculator and mention the percentage you expect and you can expect a dwindling percentage for every word about this.  Needless to say, we won't be going back and manages to warn a few other tourists outside who WERE considering eating there. Do yourself a favor and if you have cash only, go to tasty dumpling or one of the other spots around.
4 Great dim sums! Shrimp, pork, veggies - name it, they have it. And you have to try scallion pancakes - they are to die for. Inexpensive too - $25 for two people for lunch.
5 This is hands down the BEST meal New York has to offer. Authenticity is key for this little hole in the wall. Our group of 8 was seating quickly in this packed restaurant for a late lunch. It is community style eating, round tables and huge plates of food. The dumplings and lo mein were superb. I will never forget the soup inside the dumplings... my mouth is watering just thinking about it! There are two things I wish I would have known before going. First off, one order of food is enough for at least 2 people if not more. Each of us got our own plates not knowing this and had enough food to feed double. Not complaining, it makes for great leftovers. Secondly, you can not split the check and need to be able to pay in cash.   This place might just be the perfect reason to go to New York. From one foodie to the other
5 The best soup dumplings soup I had ever had. The service, place and food, everything was great. Good place to take your date for Chinese restaurant
4 If you're in a rush and can't wait at the iconic Joes Shanghai this is your next greatest option!   Always flavorful and hot each time.  Service can be a little slow (had to ask for coke and water two times) but understandable given the amount of people.
5 Can't wait to return to try more! We only had the fried tiny buns, scallion pancakes, and pan fried pork dumplings. Everything was great - the scallion pancakes are fluffy but crispy at the same time, and the pork inside the dumplings is juicy and delicious. Fun atmosphere, nice and bright, clean bathrooms. Popular spot so it gets crowded, be prepared to wait.
4 This is my third (or perhaps fourth) time here, however first time reviewing this spot. Came with my mom on Wednesday at 7pm. Restaurant was pretty full, but the staff managed to sat us down for a meal. We ordered four dishes: fried squid, crab soup dumplings, bamboo shoots, and preserved cabbage and shredded meat noodles. Total bill came about $36 tax and tip not included. Not a bad deal for 2 people.  PROS: Bamboo shoots were out of the world! As a classic Shanghainese dish, they did not fail to impress here! The sauce was very mild, and the shoots themselves very soft and tender. You can tell it was marinated for quite a long time. Fried squid was crispy, seasoned very well, and tasted very fresh, and the portion sizes were quite big! I really enjoyed that dish alot.  Soup dumplings were definitely flavorful! A little bit on the pricier side of things since we were given only 6 dumplings (usually its 8) at $8.25 a basket. However, you can taste the crab roe/meat inside as it adds a lot of flavor to the dumplings, and there was a voluminous amount of soup in each dumplings. Meat was very tender, juicy, and fresh.  CONS: Our noodles dish, while portions were big, tasted very bland. Usually in Shanghai you get a TON of preserved cabbage in your noodles, however I felt the ratio was off between noodles and cabbage/meat. Also, the soup tasted a little lackluster in flavor, making the noodles taste a little bland and soggy.  OVERALL: Some hits, some misses. Overall was quite impressed with the food served at Shanghai 21. Not the best Shanghainese restaurant around the block, but it sure is a good option to have if you're around the area.
2 no credit card accepted only AmEx.  the crab meat soup dumpling they put sugar in it.  it tasted good but sweetened.  kind of off-putting.  Also the pan-fried bao is small and that's not the right size for it.  usually is a generous size, not small like xiao long bao.  I would not go there again.
4 Their soup dumplings rival Joe's Shanghai. And...that's the only thing I've ever gone here for, so if you are looking for soup dumplings this is the place.
5 One of my favorite places to Eat in the City ! They are Fast, Smart and very very Friendly , I am always treated right either in Manhattan or Flushing. Now the Food .....Just Wow !!! 100% everything is Great and I'm sure if it wasn't they would make it right ! I would give them 10 stars if I could.  You want real authentic Chinese food this is the place to Eat !
4 Definitely one of the best soup dumpling places in NYC. However, other dishes such as noodles and chicken are disappointing. Even though dry noodle was too salty and chicken was dry, I think this place is worth 4stars because of delicious soup dumplings.
4 Great soup dumplings. We got the crab and meat water dumplings. The crab were the best: not dry, plenty of soup and it just bursts in your mouth perfectly. Absolutely love it. However this restaurant is kinda a 1 trick pony. I've been here twice and whenever we order anything else other than soup dumplings, (sesame chicken or other entrees) it's disappointing. From now on it's soup dumplings only, no more other entrees. Stick with this advice and you'll keep coming back for more
5 I have been coming to this spot for years now, and I have never been disappointed. Soup dumplings and sesame chicken are my favs here. So many good things on the menu it's easy for your eyes to get bigger than your stomach. Great food, great value. Keeps me coming back every time!
5 I found this place through yelp and was very pleased. We were seated in a timely manner and they staff was attentive. The food came out quickly and you could tell it was fresh. Everything was hot and tasted great. We had the General Tso's Chicken, Pan-fried pork dumplings, steamed pork dumplings, Shanghai pan-fried noodles, and pork-fried rice.  The General Tso's chicken was probably my favorite. The chicken was crispy and very flavorful. Everything was just really good. It's a little bit of a walk off Canal street but it's definitely worth it.
5 SO GOOD!!!! Many places in Chinatown have great soup dumplings, and these are no exception. Service was fast, food came out hot, tasty, and beautifully made. I ordered the pork soup dumplings, tiny pork fried buns, and the scallion pancake. The pork buns were also great, but the soup dumplings are a league of their own. The scallion pancake wasn't as great as some others I've had, but still really tasty. Overall would definitely go again.
1 I ordered food on seamless and 40 minutes later they cancelled my order because too far, what is too far mean?  If it's too far you can't deliver why don't you just cancel it immediately so I don't have to wait 40 minutes and hungry as hell. I suggest you don't order food from them because they don't know what are they doing. Probably gonna mess around your food too!
1 The restaurant canceled a seamless order 35 minutes after it was placed!!!  When I called to ask what happened, they cited not being able to find a delivery person.  Its a little mind boggling they can't tell us that right away instead making us wait for the food for so long.  even if the food is good we will not order from this place again.  This place made my girlfriend super hungry which is just unforgivable.
3 Review from 2016:  After coming to SAM (this place used to be called shanghai asian manor)  a few more times, I realize that I may not have fully considered the whole picture, so here I am writing a new review, with a slightly higher score.  Firstly, it seems like someone here fed me misinformation. They actually DO do takeout, and there IS no minimum- I was previously of the opinion that there was a minimum of $20 on takeout. Turns out the $20 minimum is actually for credit cards. This is still way to high, but better than the former at least.  Secondly, I think the fact that this restaurant has such a long wait, somewhat diminishes the overall experience here, leading to some people having a worse experience than had they simply gotten a table with zero wait time.  They do indeed have some miss dishes here, the biggest one being the xiao long bao with truffle in them. You might think they come together to make an interesting fusion, but you'd be wrong. Still, they do some other dishes well, and my perennial favorite, the shanghai style rice cakes are still pretty good. Plus, they do dessert here, unlike some of the other chinese restaurants in the area. If you can get here early enough to skip the line, I'd recommend coming.
5 I am a repeat customer. I will jump at any chance I can get to come here. Every special occasion my boyfriend takes me here because he knows just how much I love it. The soup dumpling are soooo good. Much better than Joes Shanghai. Get the chicken and eggplant !!!!
5 Go eat here.  Just go.  Put the phone down.  Forget looking at the reviews.  It's worth it.  They were in between liquor licenses when we ate there and I still want to rave about it.  I can't remember our waiters name, but he was also amazing.  Super helpful with his favorite dishes.
4 Very authentic hong kong and shanghai style chinese food ranging from dim sum and wonton noodles to shanghai style soup dumplings. The soup dumplings are very good and the skin is very thin. My Suggestion is if youre planning on getting more than one order of soup dumplings just order 1 round at a time so they come out piping hot!   Ambience is very tight, you might be shoulder to shoulder to another party during peak times.  Busy around dinner time.
5 Love, love, love Shanghai Asian Manor or as it's called now, Shanghai 21. Keep in mind that when you come during lunch time, there will be a line and you will have to wait, but the wait is worth it!   Their soup dumplings are amazing! Make sure you bite a hole at the top to cool it down and add some of that ginger-vinegar sauce! My family always gets the regular soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes, the pan-fried dumplings, and the Shanghai udon noodles. The scallion pancakes come in 4 triangular pieces and are quite large. They're delicious! Pan-fried dumplings are just as good. Shanghai udon noodles can be made with shrimp or pork and they don't skimp out. It has mushrooms and shanghai bokchoy too. It can be a bit oily at times, but when it's not, it's good.
4 Love this little place in china town. Super good food and a nice atmosphere for a nice meal.
5 My favorite shanghai dumpling place. I don't get the hype with Joe Shanghai. The crabmeat and pork dumpling here is not complicated nor oily; It's just simply good. I also recommend the Ja Jang mien to go with your dumplings. It's full of favor and a perfect compliment to the dumplings.
4 I went here for the black truffle soup dumplings. There was an hour of wait to get a seat. Soup dumplings did not have as much soup as in Joe's Shanghai. Black truffle soup dumplings with pork was good. It had the an earthy truffle flavor. Crab and pork soup dumplings was not that good. General Tso's chicken was nice and crispy. Fried pork buns were the best here. I felt shrimp dumpling was just ok. So my recommendations are fried pork buns and black truffle soup dumplings with pork.
5 I love Chinese food, and I love Chinatown in NYC. It is enjoyable to find the 1or 2 Restaurants I love and give it lots of love. This place was terrific, friendly, extra clean everything cooked fresh. Home made noodles.  Especially liked well everything I have tried.
4 This was a lifesaver for a busy gal on Chinese New Year. Hubs was a big fan of the spicy fried fish and I liked the egg rolls very much. The dumplings were good and the shrimp and noodles were okay.
5 This is a fantastic restaurant, have eaten here at least 10 times in past 2 years. The soup dumplings, stir fry bok choy , fried rice, jumbo shrimp in ginger/ scallion garlic sauce are just few of the delicious offerings. There is usually 5-30 min wait during the lunch and dinner hours. Recommend to everyone as there is a variety of dishes to enjoy; my favorite Chinese restaurant on either coast
3 Ordered the soup dumplings and the sesame chicken. The sesame chicken was chewy and hard and the soup dumplings were just right but missing flavor. Not a fan of this place.
5 This is my favorite place to get soup dumplings. I have a friend who thinks the best is Joe's Shanghai so every time we go we have to switch off, but this remains my favorite. Not only do I think the soup dumplings have a richer broth, but I also think it's a little cleaner than Joe's which always smells a little off.   Soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and maybe a noodle dish. The dan dan noodles are amazing, as are the dry noodles.
4 Kung Pao chicken.  Get it. Maybe two plates of it.  It is the best thing I was able to try when I was here.  The interior is pretty spacious for this area. The food was good and the service was just enough.  And you get ALOT of food for your dollar.   I also liked the sesame noodles and the soup dumplings.  4/5
4 We stopped by for a late night dinner on a Thursday and the restaurant was pretty empty. Good. More food for me.   We got pork and crab soup dumplings (solid), Dan Dan Noodles (SO GOOD) and braised boar hock with bok choy (way too fatty with not enough actual meat).   An overall tasty, no frills, experience.
3 I got takeout from Shanghai 21 this evening. Meh. It was okay. Nothing special. Overall disappointing. I appreciated the ease of ordering online through yelp, but the rest was really down hill. Rice cakes were pretty much tasteless. Sesame chicken cloyingly sweet. Spring rolls okay. Shanghai noodles ended up being pan fried noodles - not what I ordered and meh. Better luck next time, I guess.
4 Mmmm soup dumplings! This was just what we needed after having bad experience elsewhere. Made up for everything & the cold weather! I mainly just got the pork soup dumplings but were very curious about the truffle ones.
5 They have awesome soup dumplings!!! I loved how they are on time and very hospitable. Definetly gonna recommend all my friends and makes this my go to place for chinese food!
5 Can not say enough about Shanghai 21, it is truly a gem of Chinatown.  The long line is worth putting your name on a list and waiting for a table, I promise.  We ordered hot & sour soup, chicken corn soup, scallion pancakes, pork and crab soup dumplings and pork soup dumplings, steamed pork buns, and chicken & eggplant in garlic sauce.   The food was authentic, and so flavorful.  We didn't have one bad thing!  It was my first time trying chicken corn soup and now i'm a fan! DO NOT SKIP on the eggplant in garlic sauce, its easily one of my favorite dishes, and Shanghai 21 makes it better than anywhere else.    If you're in the area, and looking for AUTHENTIC food, this is better than other popular restaurants in the area!! Can't wait to go back.
5 The dumplings are great and it's a nice place! Free tea delivered. Very large menu for variety.
5 Previously known as Shanghai Asian Manor...Shanghai 21 has the best XLB and fried buns in New York . Their  soup dumpling broth is not oily unlike Joe's Shanghai and Nan Xiang (in Flushing). Long wait times especially on the weekends after 6 PM and only take cash or AMEX. Give their Szechuan wontons a try
1 FOOD POISONED.  On January 11, 6:50p: Ordered pork soup dumplings, an order of black truffle soup dumplings and egg drop soup for dinner. Got food poisoning the next morning-day. Be careful ordering from this place...
5 So let's just address the big elephant in the room. Shanghai 21 or Joes? If it had to come down to FOOD...Joes takes the cake by the SLIGHTEST bit. When it comes down to everything else, Shanghai 21 wins by a landslide. I'm not going to lie when my friend first suggested this place for lunch instead of Joes I was disappointed because I thought no one could compete. However, I was pleasantly surprised.  First of all....we waited FOUR MINUTES to be seated at PEAK lunch time. And that's not because it's dead on the inside, it's because the dining room is very large and the service is fast enough to have a high turnover. You also get a private table/booth for your party and you aren't awkwardly sitting with randoz (like they do at Joes.) It is definitely a more relaxed and comfortable dining experience. They also do not rush you out the door and give you your check when you are only 5% done with your food (like they do at Joes.)   Let's talk food. My HONEST opinion is that the soup dumplings are AMAZING....but do fall a SMIDGE short of Joes. The soup on the inside is savory but not as round/full/fatty as Joes, and again the meat is amazing but not as full in flavor. The best word I would use to describe is they aren't as round in flavor...BUT BARELY. And I feel like I'm allowed to say this because my husband is Asian and I've had ALOTTA SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!   Ok, the other food we got. The scallion pancake: 10/10. We got a crab dumpling 10/10, spicy steamed wontons 8/10.   Overall if I had to pick between here and Joes I would pick HERE because it's so good and there's no wait, it's a comfortable dining experience, it's CHEAP and the service is phenomenal. I will be coming here again.
5 Great food and fast service! Came here with my friend on a weekend and the wait time was only 10 minutes for a party of two. We were seated soon after. The restaurant is a little cramped but cozy. We immediately ordered a set of XLBs (comes with six), some hot and sour soup, and a plate of Shanghai style noodles with chicken. Everything was delicious. The XLBs definitely hit the spot: they were very juicy on the inside and they even brought over the ginger and black vinegar sauce for us to dip the XLBs into. Service was prompt and prices were reasonable.  I will say that the main thing to be careful about is that they only accept cash or American Express, so make sure you have one of those options with you.
4 Great spot on Mott Street for all of your favorite Chinese dishes. I came on a Saturday night and there was about a 15-20 minute wait, but nothing too crazy. Most of our dishes were amazing- I highly recommend the pork & crab soup dumplings, the pork lo mein, and surprisingly the broccoli in garlic sauce which was super simple yet incredible. The only disappointing dish was the vegetable fried rice- probably the first time that I've had lackluster fried rice in Chinatown and NY in general. It basically tasted like white rice with a bit of egg, salt and beansprouts. Prices are average for the most part in comparison with other larger restaurants on Mott Street. Would overall highly recommend Shanghai 21!
5 Their soup noodles is one of the tastiest dishes I ever had!  A great place to share entrees.  I sampled 6 entrees and all were excellent. This place is the real deal.
4 Christmas lunch in Manhattan? Chinatown FTW! Shanghai 21 happened to be one of the few places with an orderly system for getting a table. Most other establishments seemed to be scenes of utter chaos with servers being clueless and being yelled at by patrons for allowing others to jump wait lines. We ordered the famous soup dumplings and the sesame chicken. The dumplings were delicious and so flavorful! The sesame chicken was standard and nothing to write home about. But I would definitely stop be for soup dumplings again!
5 We went here for xiaolong bao (aka 小笼包, XLB) at the recommendation of Chinese food expert Jennifer 8. Lee and were not disappointed. I've eaten soup dumplings in various Chinatowns, Beijing and Hong Kong -- these were some of the best around.  If you like truffle, definitely spring for the truffle XLB. We tried all 3 XLB and they were all spectacular, but the truffle stood out.  We also had dan dan noodles, Shanghai spicy wontons, fried dumplings, green beans, and chicken+eggplant () in garlic sauce. Everything was delicious.  6 people ate well for $100 including tax and tip. Brilliant!
4 Had a better experience this time around. Waited about an hour during peak brunch time but my friend and I went to Kam Hing for a snack in the meantime, so it wasn't too bad. We shared:  + black truffle pork soup dumplings + fried tiny buns + scallion pancake + pork soup dumplings  The truffle dumplings were definitely the standout, and the scallion pancake was still perfect. Service was good and we were able to use a credit card (Amex or cash only).
5 Food was ecellent Service was very good Selection was excellent Portions were huge Prices $$ Hostess-owner friendly Wait average  Must try
5 Best XLB and small pan fried buns so far. More expensive than other places but the flavors are on point.  Regular XLB 6 for $6.50. No over powering ginger taste, tender skin, and tons of soup. Pan fried buns ($6.25) not as big, glorious, or flavorful as the ones you get in Asia that are bursting with soup and meat but on point with the crispy bottoms and juicy filling.   Five spice beef ($9.25) came with pickled cabbage. Goes great as a standalone with beer or with a bowl of rice. Shanghai style Lo Mein ($9.95) was good.   Highly recommend Shanghai 21. Not to be confused with all the other places with Shanghai and 21 in their names, this place does it right even though it's a little more expensive. Clean interior, great service, Amex or cash accepted only, they don't charge for tea.
5 I only come here for their soup dumplings which gives them the 5 star rating. Heads up this place has a $20 minimum to use card.   I love their soup dumplings and always come here when I'm craving. It is just the right amount of soup and dumpling. Their wrapper is not too thick as I've noticed with other places. I haven't tried other food except their fried pork buns and those are delicious as well. The place is clean and service is nice. They have all different flavors but I like their original the best. They have decadent truffle one but I felt like it was an odd taste for a soup dumpling. I'll definitely be back as this is one of the best places in the city to get soup dumplings.
5 Based on the reviews of their dumplings, we had to check it out while in the city. Ah-maz-ing!  We split an order of  the Truffle Pork Soup dumplings and lo mein. Every thing was delicious and tasted extremely fresh. We can't wait to return to explore more of their menu next time we are in the area.
5 LLLLOOOOVVVVEEEEE the pork soup dumplings.....BEST ever along w the pan fried noodles!!!!
5 I am not a fan of Chinese food at all but this was the best Chinese food I have ever had and we ended up eating here twice during our week stay in NYC.   The pork soup dumplings are AMAZING! The beef Lo Mein was excellent and the seafood soup had a lot of flavor. The fried noodles were ok, but my husband really enjoyed them. The Kung Pow Chicken was great and the shrimp fried rice was not greasy at all and we ordered it both times. The dessert ice creams are delicious.   The service is awesome. Expect a wait, but it goes by pretty quickly.
5 Good quality and an always-packed dining room make for a wait. It's worth it. The Xiao Long Bao are well-cooked, with a flavorful soup and toothy skin. Definitely worth the wait.
5 Been here half a dozen times and it is always delicious. We stick mostly to the dumplings, but everything is great. Worth the wait. CASH OR AMEX ONLY.
5 Went here on a whim and oh my gollyyy it was delicious!! I'm from San Diego so coming by good soup dumplings are rare. We got the Black truffle soup dumplings and the flavor of truffle was very nice and subtle and the amount of soup inside is the most soup I've ever seen in a soup dumpling. The wrapper is super thin which I love; and the premade vineger/soy sauce/ginger dish is much appreciated, especially the thinly sliced ginger. All the dishes we got were all delicious but clearly the dumplings was our favorite. Staff was very nice..we will miss this place :(
5 Excellent dumplings! Was amazing, with prompt customer service.  Wish they would accept visa/MasterCard, but overall so worth the visit. Yum!
4 Came here for lunch since I had a craving for soup dumplings.  Ended up ordering half the menu because everything looked/smelled so good.  Soup dumplings - Solid to above average.  Didn't really need too much vinegar and was good as is. Scallion pancake - Super crunchy for texture addicts like me.  I would dip these in anything. Wine chicken - Super tender and wasn't too overwhelmed with alcohol.   Aromatic beef - A bit tough to chew and I wasn't too impressed, especially compared to the chicken. Chili wontons - I have had better wontons, considering the stuffing, but that sauce is killer.  I kept dipping the scallion pancake into that chili oil.  New super bowl snack idea~ Jajang noodle - So we have been having this debate on whether jajang noodle is Chinese or Korean with neither side backing down.  This one is most definitely Chinese.  The meat sauce is legit and I think we may even have a new convert to the Chinese style Jajang. Shanghainese stir fried noodle - Looked good.  Got no room left and I am allergic to mushrooms and forgot to tell them to take it out...  :(  Solid 3.5 rounded up.  The only drawback is the lack of avaialble space for those waiting on tables.  You're literally standing on top of each other.  Tables are also cramped together like the Brazilian favelas.  Welcome to Chinatown.
4 I didn't expect this because I have been a long time fan of Jose's Shanghai, but I was very pleasantly surprised with everything here: the soup dumplings were awesome , scallion pancake was amazing, and two stir fried noodles dishes were equally flavorful.  Best part of it was no line no stress no sharing table with strangers.  I packed two pounds of weight since it was a carb focused meal, but it was worth every bite and glad I was wearing leggings.
4 Have gotten delivery before. Very good dumplings. Okay noodle soup. Good fried rice. Very very good prices. Excellent value.
5 Delicious and fast, go! The soup dumplings were killer, as well as the steamed pork dumplings and the pork fried rice.
5 This place is probably my favorite place for dumplings in Chinatown, Manhattan.   I came here with 3 friends for dinner on a weekend. The wait was around 20-25 minutes, which wasn't that bad in my opinion because a lot of popular places around there have a crazy long wait!  We ordered a lot of dumplings for the table: crab xiao long bao, watercress & shrimp dumplings, and pan fried dumplings. The crab xiao long bao were amazing. I think these were the best xiao long bao I've had. Bold statement, but they were flavored really well, and the skin was thin without breaking and soup getting everywhere. The watercress & shrimp dumplings were my favorite. The skin was perfectly chewy and thin. The shrimp and watercress had a great crunch and flavor, too. The pan fried dumplings were good, too. I liked the dipping sauce that came with the order. These had to be eaten right away since one side of the dumplings were crispy.   I will definitely be back next time in Manhattan. I prefer this place over Joe's Shanghai. They're both good, but I like this place more.
1 Rude staff. Awful service. And please take my word because I've probably eaten more dumplings in my lifetime than all the cookies & bagels & brownies combined in your life time. So I've eaten my fair share of dumplings, both homemade and in-store, and across continents as well, and never had I encountered staff so rude whomst just impossible to tolerate that I gtg  Take it from a nyc local who is very seriously about getting the best dumplings in the city, and is very familiar with which eateries serve the best dumplings, do your self a SOLID favor and don't ever come here. Can't speak for the food, since I never made that far, but judging from the level of customer service I experienced in less than 1 min there, Shanghai Asian Manor's staff simply DIDGUSTS me.  yep you read that right- I was only there for 1 min top because that was how quick my experience there went south.   Go dine at Vanessa's dumplings. Not only do they have multiple location, they also accept most major credit cards and cash! Vanessa's frozen dumplings are also so dank that you would want to buy a bag of frozen dumplings made right there in the shop for later! Minimum charge $10-15 but I'd much rather give those people my hard earn money than some twats who curse customers out of doors. Oh and plus the "amx or cash" thing? Quite an easy choice isn't it- duhhhh why would anyone come here than to Vanessa's. I only attempted to check it out for the first time today since I was on Mott st and didn't want to walk for 10 mins in the cold but here I am- heading towards Vanessa's in the end.....  #vanessasdumplingsrock!!  #SAMSucks
5 I discovered this spot when it was recommended to me by a shop owner down the street as a great place for soup dumplings, and it does not disappoint. The prices are only slightly higher than other spots in the area, and the food and service is 10x better. It does get busy, and especially if you show up on a Friday or Saturday night you can expect to have at least a little bit of a wait, but it is so worth it. My favorites are the soup dumplings and the Lo Mein, and most of the menu items are family style so you can share with a group. This is a regular spot for me to bring friends from out of town, because its very conveniently located and you can walk around chinatown before/after eating, and its very easy on the wallet!
4 My lunch started off on a low note with a wait, but the rest of the meal was terrific. We just ate Dim Sum. I ordered quickly. The soup dumplings are amazing. Later in my meal, i even ordered extra soup dumplings.
4 My aunt and I planned to come here for linner in order to avoid Black Friday crowds, but when we arrived at 440pm we were told there was a 30 min wait. Under normal circumstances this wouldn't be a long wait, but considering the time of day, I was shocked that a restaurant was THIS popular. We read the menu while waiting and ordered as soon as we were seated.   Xiao long bao was the whole reason we came here, so of course the black truffle XLB was our first order. We also had the kao fu appetizer, green onion pancake, jajiangmian (black bean noodle), and sautéed green beans. The XLB was so good!! I had never had it with truffle before and I was definitely impressed. Definitely prefer these over Joe's, whose soup is sweeter and dumpling skin is doughier than I'm used to. Kao fu has always been one of my favorite appetizers and I loved how flavorful it was without tasting too salty or oily. The green onion pancake wasn't as doughy as I'm used to and instead more fried, but I really liked how crispy it was (and not overly green onion-ed LOL). Jajiangmian was unique because they used udon noodles instead of the usual thinner style. It was flavorful and full of ground pork and bean curd, but definitely on the saltier side. Sautéed green beans are one of the only vegetable dishes that I actually WANT to eat, and these did not disappoint.   Considering how much we ordered, the pricing and portions were pretty reasonable. While we were eating, the line outside continued to grow, despite the freezing cold weather - as a Californian, it's always incredible to me that people are willing to leave their houses in the winter, let alone stand outside and wait in line for that long. They don't take reservations either so be prepared to wait; just know that it'll be worth it in the end!
5 You will wait 10-30 minutes at lunchtime, and there's space for about 5 people to wait inside, so if it's freezing outside, plan ahead! Also, try to get a seat away from the icy wind blasts from the door. The owner and staff are really nice, and they set you down at a table with hot tea already poured. We ordered the fresh pickles, dan dan noodles, and pork soup dumplings (one order per person). All were great! The 'pickles' were a standout and were crunchy and fresh, a perfect counterpoint to the hot savory foods. Highly recommend as a side. The soup dumplings were meaty and a more subtle flavor than I expected. The dan dan noodles were just the right amount of spicy and had a seafoody undertone. They brought our food out really quickly and we left perfectly satisfied, especially for the amount we paid. They take cash or American Express ($20 minimum).
5 Very good food! Ordered beef stew noodles, soup dumpling, and Shanghainese wonton and all the food came out so good and flavorful. Worth the wait.
4 We came here on Thanksgiving, and even on a big holiday in freezing weather it was still pretty bustling! Luckily we were able to be seated right away. Unluckily, it was at a table in the direct path of the door, so we got a blast of cold air every time someone went in or out, which was frequently.   The cold air and lack of ambience is why I knocked a star off, but the food itself is absolutely 5 star. We got the black truffle pork soup dumplings, which were the right size to eat comfortably, the right ratio of meat and soup, and super delicious.   We also had the green beans, mabo tofu, and scallion pancake. The green beans were cooked perfectly for a nice crunch, not mushy and not overly hard. They also had a good amount of sauce, enough to pack flavor but not so much that the beans were drowning. The mabo tofu had a nice consistency and subtle flavor, and wasn't too spicy. The scallion pancake wasn't overly greasy and was surprisingly light.   Overall, yum! We'll definitely be back, especially since we live so close.
4 I've been to Shanghai 21 a few times and I left happy all those times. It is true that there is a long wait if you go during dinner time. However, there are also times when you will get seated almost immediately. I really like Shanghai 21 compared to the other XLB restaurants because you don't have to share a table and can sit comfortably. The food arrives almost immediately after you order, so it keeps the flow going. I believe they do accept American Express cards.
4 Stopped in for a quick, light dinner. The soup dumplings were the highlight of the meal. Scallion cake was fine; har gow (steamed shrimp dumplings) were a little fishy and spring rolls were crispy but not all that flavorful. Service was friendly and fast, and you can't beat the price. I would go back and just pig out on soup dumplings and tea.
4 There was a short line outside of the restaurant at 11:00AM on Saturday. Everyone was seated with several open tables left in the restaurant.   Service - Sweet, nice, friendly.  Interior - Warm, simple.  Crab and pork dumplings - Probably my favorite XLB. It was juicy, plump, and gushing with soup. The dumpling skin was soft and soggy and the perfect thickness.  Black truffle soup dumplings with pork - Where's the truffle? Pass.  Salty and fresh pork medley with dry bean curd tripe and bamboo shoot - Flavorful, savory, and saucy. Portions look large but easy for one very hungry adult to finish with room for dessert.
5 We stopped in with kids, everyone had a great time and left full. Lots of soups and apps and beef!
5 One word Yum! This place served up an amazing lunch for a super cheap price. I went in with a friend for dim sum on a Sunday afternoon and were first told this was going to be a 20 minute wait. They quickly came back and found us a small table for 2 and it was great.   The menu is pretty large and has a lot on there! They give you free tea when you sit down which is warm and delicious! We ended up ordering, pork soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and a mixed dumpling tray. We also had Udon noodles and kung pao chicken!   They started out by brining all the dumplings out first. They were large and packed with tons of flavor! All the dumplings were delicious!  The udon noodles had just the right amount of spice and they broth was amazing! The chicken was just okay, not the best ever and not a lot of heat, but it was okay!    Couple things to note! This place only accepts Cash and American Express. They do not take other credit cards but American Express. There are two ATM's within a short walk of this place so grab some cash before you go!    Great meal and I will for sure be going back next time I visit!
4 Shanghai 21's food is solid! Their host was friendly but the rest of their staff did not seem the most enthusiastic. Nonetheless, their food was tasty and service was fast. We came in on Veteran's day for dinner - although the restaurant was filled, we only had to wait 10 minutes before our party of 4 was seated.   When eating Shanghainese food, you have to get the soup dumplings! We got their pork soup dumplings (aka xiao long bao) - flavor was good and I would say the size of them were slightly larger than the regular. So if you're the type who likes to have it all in one bite, it might be slightly more difficult.  However, what I liked more than the XLBs were their pan fried soup dumplings (shen jian bao's). These were absolutely delicious - they were piping hot, bottom was pan fried to perfect crispiness, and flavor was bomb! I would recommend getting these! We also got their beef fried rice cakes which had great flavor and the rice cakes were cooked to just the right chewiness. Definitely give these two dishes a go if you come here!
4 Very solid dim sum place with great selection all around. The black truffle xiao long bao is dope but I prefer just the regular shrimp and pork ones. The soup they use is quite good and will satisfy any cravings you have. Yeah I would say the place is better than average and worth a visit. Wasn't busy when I went but go when they open because they had a line later on.
5 The xiao long bao here taste as good, if not better, as the ones at din tai fung! I came at 12 on Saturday and although they said the wait was 30 min, I got seated within 15 min. I immediately ordered the xlb and pan fried pork buns. The pan fried pork buns were tasty but the xlb was the star. The wrapper held together and was pleated well. The soup was delicious and well seasoned. I could taste the crab in the pork-crab filling. Service was efficient. Bring cash!
5 After Shanghai Cafe closed down, we were forced to look for other options. Not at all a fan of Joe's (yes, blasphemous), so we asked around. A colleague recommended this place, and we went there for lunch today. The line was out the door, and they told us it would be a 30-45 min wait and asked us to come back. We grabbed a coffee and vanilla roll at Fay Da (and got a ton of stuff to go for good measure) down the road, and when we got back 30 mins later, we were seated promptly. I have a feeling the wait time was more like 20 mins, especially after seeing how quickly the food came out.  And what food it was! Dare I say the soup dumplings more than have Shanghai Cafe a run for its money. But there was depth and quality in the rest of their menu too! We got the Schezuan dumplings (effing fantastic), the shredded dry Schezuan beef thing (awesome), the chicken lo mein and some scallion pancakes. Service is prompt even though there are a lot of tables, they are very respectful and won't rush you (unlike a lot of establishments in this 'hood), food is clearly fresh and of a high quality, the wait staff is always looking for a raised hand and you don't have to go crazy trying to make eye contact. This place is the real deal, and they should shut up and take my money already!
4 The place is awesome, services are good and I had been eying Shanghai Asian Manor for some time and we are so glad we finally tried it! It is a nicer and cleaner than Joe's Shanghai and the food truly rocked!
4 Definitely one of the better places to get xiao long bao in NYC and if one is too lazy to go to Flushing (or in our case the 7 train wasn't running for the 4th weekend in a row).   With that being said, there are quite long waits at this place-we waited 50 mins at 2:30pm on a Saturday.    What we ordered: Fresh Pickle-on the chef's specialty menu. Is your traditional pickled, teeny bit spicy cucumber dish. Very satisfying and a great way to add veggies to my carb filled diet.   Fried Pork Buns: Pretty standard with adequate amounts of filling and soft, thick skin.   XLB with Crab & Pork: The crab meat taste was really there compared to a lot of other places where you just get a hint of it.   XLB with Truffle & Pork: C'mon truffle anything is good! Can't go wrong with this one.   Shrimp Dumplings: My boyfriend loved this and I agree! The shrimp filling was quite plump and wasn't mashed up bits n pieces of shrimp like other places.   I did notice that all the fillings tasted a little sweet as if they added sugar to the pork, it didn't significantly detract from the taste, but was a bit odd. I found it funny they had signs up saying "do not take our chopsticks"; it was then I noticed they provided the fancier, non-disposable ones.   Service was alright. Cash + AMEX only.
5 TBH I like this place better than Joe's Shanghai. Joe's Shanghai is super oily and the xiao long bao isn't as juicy as the one here. I went around 11 and it wasn't as packed but after we got seated it started getting super busy. Prepare to wait, but its worth it! Don't worry.  The price is good and the food is A1. I would definitely recommend this place over Joe's if you want the soup dumplings. The pan fried one is super delicious as well.   So skip Joe's and come here! 10/10 recommend! :)
5 My daughter and I were visiting China Town and wanted to find a good Asian restaurant to have lunch. We really just wanted good fried rice. We weren't disappointed. It was quite delicious!
5 5-stars just for the crab soup dumplings. Soup dumplings have always been one of my favorite dishes growing up. I've tried soup dumplings from countless restaurants but the crab flavor from Shanghai Asian Manor cannot be beat. The slightly sweet soup is my favorite part.  Each time I go, I almost exclusively get the soup dumplings and maybe some vegetables (like dou miao). However, a friend of mine swears their sesame chicken is the best he's ever had. While not something I typically order unless I'm getting takeout food, I finally got around to trying it and I have to agree. The sesame chicken is pretty damn good and probably some of the best you'll get as far as sesame chicken goes.  Tip: Also, as with most authentic Chinese restaurants, don't come in expecting good service. It's always a plus, but not the norm.
3 This is one of the only places I go to for XLB in New York. I've grown up eating these dumplings so I'm pretty well versed in sniffing out good ones.   Ambiance: always busy, if you are a small party they will probably ask you if you are ok to share a table with another party or to keep a table to yourself which would require a longer wait. They have booths and tables in the one dining room  Food: XLB are always flavorful and have a nice thin skin. The pork is not too overpowering and has a nice balance. They come in a steamer of 6 (about a dollar each).   The spicy beef noodle soup is good. The beef is braised in a different sweeter sauce and does come with some fat and tendon (not traditional). They should take out the extra fat and tendons since it's practically inedible. However, the broth is nice and it is a nice portion of noodles.  The wonton noodle soup is also pretty good. Nice portion of noodles and 5 wontons. Warming for the winter.  House pork chop: probably wouldn't recommend, there's not that much meat (it's just one pork chop) and it's bland.  Spicy Wontons: too much chili's oil and too sweet. There are other better places!   Overall though, do enjoy the food when I'm feeling XLB'S and soup. Not the best Shanghainese food that I've had, but one of the best for Manhattan at the price.
5 Best soup dumplings I've had in NYC and extremely reasonably priced. Service was good too. Would absolutely recommend.
5 What a great find in Chinatown! Every dish was delicious! Must try the baby bok choy!
4 Good food, affordable pricing, not good for large groups. If you want good food for affordable pricing this is the place I would go
4 Came here with my parents on a Saturday night and they were slammed. Expect to wait at least half an hour waiting outside since their restaurant isn't that spacious. They also don't take reservations.   However, once inside the service was lightning fast. Since we were dillydallying for a while we already knew what we wanted to order as soon as we sat down. I would say that the time between when we got the order in and when we were served our dishes was less than 7 minutes. Yeah, that fast!   And it didn't taste un-fresh or anything! Plates were warm, veggies were steaming, sauce was delicious, tummies were full.
5 I love here, but don't recommend seafood from here. Will miss here....No reservations waiting time is about 20min!!!
5 Those were the best dumplings I've ever had in my life. They burst in your mouth with warm soup. They were absolutely incredible. Definitely will come back here next time I am in New York. Oh by the way the fried rice was really good too . I had a  crispy shredded beef with broccoli. That was pretty good although it's a little sweet and I'm not into sweet dishes. It's one of their most popular dishes aside from the dumpling so I thought I would give it a try. If you like sweet and sour you love that though.
5 This restaurant has the best shrimp dumplings . This is restaurant is in the cut very low key you could be your side chick here and eat good food. I ordered 8 shrimp dumplings first they bring out black tea while you look through the menu. They don't give you cheap wooded chopsticks everything is authentic. The black tea is amazing. Remember this place is cheap and good so it's a double win and the service is fast as fuck. Customer service is great I will be going back.
5 Not sure if it was because I was very hungry, but this was place was fantastic. I went with a friend and we just got three things -- soup dumplings, some type of noodle dish, and a beef dish. And that's all you need! Would definitely come back.
3 Xiao Long Bao Biddies.  The name of my podcast, where the key focus is -- 2 girls on the search to find the best soup dumplings in NYC.   Spoiler Alert: This isn't it.  They only accept CASH or AMEX -- BE AWARE  Got there around 5pm on Sunday. The wait for 2 was 10 minutes. There was a crowd of people waiting around, we decided to join them.  Around 5:30, we got in. We ordered,  Pork filledSoup Dumplings, Shrimp Dumplings, and Sweet and Sour Pork over rice.   Food came quick and was average. The sauce for the sweet and sour pork was too salty and tasted store bought.  The Xiao Long Bao was also average, the skin texture was nice. A little on the thin side, the pork was seasoned well, but the soup was lacking. By a lot. Tasted again of store bought broth. Totally disappointment. They lack the flavour and kick of superior dumplings. It's almost as if, it was someone's first attempt to make them. Sure if it was my friend. Great job-- but not when so many people claim this is the best Xiao Long Bao place in Chinatown.   The shrimp dumplings were better -- but not by much. I liked them because the consisted of, "the whole-ass shrimp" seriously it's a jumbo shrimp encased. But they're not seasoned that well either. Total bummer.   My friend ended the meal by saying, the only thing that had flavour was the rice.  Probably won't come back.
5 Wasn't able to take a picture because my food looked so good I had to chow it down! Not only was it good looking it tasted UH-MAZING! def will be coming back!  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  Clean Fast service  Friendly staff  Delicious food  Great tea   What more can you ask for?
5 They have the absolute best soup dumplings in NYC, they also do classic and modern dishes which allow new comers to the cuisine some comfort. I've been going there for year and have tried an assortment of dishes both classic and modern and I must say they do it all very tastefully! Service is efficient and dishes are delicious! All at a very appropriate price and easy to assess.
5 Small place tucked away in a corner of Chinatown -- and there will be a wait of some sort to get in.  Give them your name and then wait on the sidewalk outside.  They told us 30 minutes for the wait, but it was no more than 15 minutes.  And the wait was well worth it!  We enjoyed the black truffle shanghai soup dumplings, some green dumpling that was beautiful to look at, and the Shanghai lo mein with chicken. They also have a dish called shanghai noodles, which are fried/crispy, and the waiter recommended we order the non-fried version. It was extremely tasty and the waiter was professional and very helpful.  The rest of the menu looked equally as delicious, and everyone around us was enjoying this packed but comfortable Shanghainese joint. Highly recommended.
5 We loved it- just go crazy with the food and order with confidence- you will not be disappointed.
5 My new favorite place for soup dumplings!  13 year old and I had been eying Shanghai Asian Manor for some time and we are so glad we finally tried it!  It is a nicer and cleaner than Joe's Shanghai and the food truly rocked!  13 year old and I shared a feast which included two types of Soup Dumplings (Crab & Pork and Black Truffle). Both types were so tasty with the perfect texture and plenty of soup inside each dumpling. The Black Truffle Dumplings were twice the price as the regular ones but they had such a unique flavor that they were worth it!  We also ordered one of the specialties of the house, the Fried Tiny Buns with Pork. The buns were puffed like a cloud but had the nicest crisp too!   Noodles with Pork and Shrimp rounded out our meal.  Made with plenty of shrimp and greens, this dish was delicious and we ate every last drop.   Our food came out very quickly. We did have to wait about 15 minutes for a table at lunch time which we would do again!
5 Best soup dumplings out of 3 restaurants in the area. We also tried the spicy beef dumplings which had amazing flavor. The Shanghai fried rice was also very tasty with sprinkles of dried fish.
5 So I've been told by several people that Shanghai Asian Manor is one of the best places to get soup dumplings in NYC, and I finally got to try it out this weekend. It's in the heart of Chinatown, and we made sure to get there right when it opened around 11am. They are definitely busy, especially on weekends, so if you don't get there on the earlier side, I'd expect to wait a bit.   We ordered three types of soup dumplings--pork, crab, and truffle. We also ordered the tiny fried buns, scallion pancakes, and the cha chiang mien (pork sauce noodles, which is actually a specialty of Beijing, funny enough). Everything was so, so good! Except I wouldn't order the tiny fried buns again. The hardest part is trying to decide which soup dumpling is the best. I was really impressed with the truffle soup dumplings, which I had never had before. The crab soup dumplings were also really good, because there was actually a lot of crab inside of them!   Overall, I'd definitely go back here for soup dumplings for sure. The scallion pancakes and cha chiang mien would also be worth ordering again!
4 Went here on a Friday & the wait was an hour. This place is very popular & I know why....  1. The food overall is good  2. It's cheap 3. Portion sizes are a nice (shareable)  For two people we spent $50 and we had toooo much food but we were trying out different things. That being said you could easily go and spend $25 for two people on a date & it's in china town .. cute   It was my first time having soup dumplings and they were really good! It was a nice surprise having the soup kind of burst in your mouth. Be careful because if you aren't  careful they burst. I also tried the shrimp in Szechuan chili sauce which was very good. The shrimp were huge! Like the size of my palm huge   I also noticed that we have like 4 different people wait on our table and after finishing our food we did sit and talk for about 30 minutes. I could tell why the wait was so long because the food comes out very fast!
5 Only get the soup dumplings here!! They're amazing and very similar to the ones to Shanghai. This place is 1000000X better than Joe's Shanghai.  They accept CASH OR AMEX.   The other food is ok, but the soup dumplings are where this restaurant truly shines.
4 The pork soup dumplings were fantastic.  They even held up for a pick up with 20 minutes worth of travel time.  Soooo good.  However, steer clear of their hot and sour soup.  It tastes like a bowl of soy sauce.
5 I love dumplings and noodles, for me dumpling and noodles is a perfect combination for my comfort food.  I used to like Joe's shanghai but now i think their place is more for tourist. There's a lot of reataurant that have a good soup dumpling in Chinatown or in Flushing and usually i go to Flushing. The soup pork dumpling is good and also the shanghai style pork and shrimp noodles. Will be back for my comfort food in Chinatown
4 - 15 minute wait for 2 during lunch hours - Service was very fast once we sat down - American Express or Cash ($20 minimum for card) - Soup dumplings were very good, has a lot of soup in them and a decent amount of pork - Free tea was a nice touch as well - Quiet atmosphere towards the back of the restaurant, had louder music playing near the front - Overall very good soup dumplings and a good dining experience, would definitely come again
5 SHOCKED that I don't immediately see a plethora of reviews about the Black Truffle Soup dumplings. (??? Ya'll wyd??) Anyway, they were incredible. Completely and wholly delectable.  Usually I love adding the vinegar in the dumpling (their vinegar was excellent too btw) but I actually would say forego it for these babies. Man, they were delicious, I can't wait to go back for more. I would go back and just get 3 orders of this.   We also got the hot pepper shredded beef in brown sauce, pork and shrimp lo mein, and bai Choy. Everything was excellent and came out timely.  Beef- spicy and delicious. Very flavorful Bai Choy - love a crunchy veggie! Super cute too Lo mein - just a notch above your standard lo mein. Can never resist some noodles.    The wait was a bit long, but totally worth it. Around 30-40 minutes (we went on a Sunday around 2 pm). Shanghai Asian Manor, you well see me again soon. Xoxo
4 The best soup dumplings in Chinatown.   1. Must get the stir fried Lomein- pork and shrimp- perfect flavor 2. Har gow- great and super big 3. Chicken and eggplant super tasty but a bit salty- need to eat with rice  Loses a star because of cleanliness and moderately good service
5 Wonderful dim sum. Crab and Pork Soup dumplings very tender. Small place with great service
5 By far one of my favorite places to grab a bite to eat with my friends! Shanghai Asian Manor has some of the best varieties of food of any restaurant I've ate at in Chinatown. The portions are always the right amount, and the food is prepared quickly! I always leave completely full without burning a hole in my wallet. I highly recommend trying the scallion pancakes and rice cakes!
4 This is without a doubt one of my favorite spots in Chinatown when I'm craving Xiao Long Bao.   First and foremost: this ain't a tourist trap like a lot of nearby places and you'll find really delicious food and delicious soup dumplings that are not overpriced at all and will make your tummy happy.   My recommendations are a lot, so get ready to take notes lol:  Definitely start with the pork soup dumplings (the crab and pork are good too, but tbh 9/10 I always just stick to the pork. Why? So I can order shrimp dumplings, that are absolute perfection. Chewy dumpling skin filled with a whole shrimp. So freakin good.  One dish I always end up ordering is the shredded pork with bamboo shoots - the pork is flavorful and tender and pairs perfectly with the crunchy sweetness of the bamboo and the sauce.   If you're in the mood for noodles don't miss out on the Shanghai style noods.   Pan fried baos are nice and fluffy, with a crispy delicious bottom and juicy filling that will make your mouth water with every single bite.   Other dishes I def recommend you the are the salt and pepper squid, the pork belly, wu xi ribs, rice cakes with veggies and shrimp (or meat of you prefer).   Absolutely recommended, but please keep in mind that there most likely gonna be a line and they only accept cash or Amex!!!!
5 The service here is impeccable! They're very attentive and detail oriented. I sneezed into my napkin and there was a fresh replacement napkin on my table within 30 seconds. I love the pork soup dumplings. They're always tender, all arrive intact, and never tear when I lift them.
5 The Szechuan style wontons were awesome.  I've had better xiao long bao, but these were still very good.  Portions are big, prices are reasonable. A great spot that I'm eager to revisit.
5 My fav place to go for xiao long bao in Manhattan. Always stop by whenever I'm in town.
4 We were there for the first time, with 3 kids, all the family enjoy the food.  Nice service! We will return without any doubt!
5 21 Shanghai's food is tasty! Took about 15-20 minutes to get 5 people seated on a Sunday afternoon. Ordered quickly and the food started coming out pretty quickly.   We had pork soup dumplings, Shanghai wontons, scallion pancakes, Shanghai spring rolls, fried rice, diced chicken in spicy sauce (or something like that), green beans, and whole fish in chili garlic sauce.  Dumplings had a really savory soup and the thickness of the dough was just right. I think it's better than Joe's Shanghai.  Spicy wontons were great. I used the extra sauce in my scallion pancake - yum. The chicken was also tasty; wished the portion size was bigger  Glad we got the fish too - not too bony and had a nice chili sauce; not too spicy.   Also, friendly service  Definitely recommend
4 There was a 30 minute wait to get in on a Sunday afternoon, but we thought it was worth it.  We had the pork soup dumplings and fried pork little buns, which were both delicious.  We also had the cold noodles with sesame sauce, also very good. After that we got the shanghai lo mein with pork and shrimp, and some chicken fried rice.  My husband liked the lo mein more than I did.  I thought both it and the chicken fried rice were bland.  All in all it was a good stop.  The service was excellent.
5 Cannot overstate how good this place is. The soup dumplings, pork buns and spicy wontons are unbelievable.
4 Went here with my friend. We wanted to try this place. The line is usually long. We order soup dumplings and other foods here. It is not bad.
4 Best xiao long bao I've had outside of Asia.  Other dishes were great too.  Def worth stopping by.
4 Decided to skip out on Joe's Shanghai figuring that there would be a long wait given its popularity. Don't think we faired any better with a 30 minute wait on a Sunday early afternoon (1:15p) at Shanghai Asian Manor. Turned out to be 40.  There were quite a few people waiting and the inside space is small. Asians and non-Asians alike. The outside was a bit confusing because I don't quite recall anywhere that said Shanghai Asian Manor. Just Shanghai and the number 21, but I'm sure this is the spot.  Got the Xiao Long Bao of course.. pork (~$6) and crab and pork ($7+) and the Dan Dan noodles ($8?). Entire meal for 2 people came out to ~$22, which is a steal for lunch!  Not a big fan of the crab and pork ones. It had this shrimp flavor. The pork ones were good. I thought the skin thickness was fine, but what do I know?! I really enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles. The broth was very flavorful with a bit of a kick.  Cash only or American Express!! I think this is common... Service is pretty quick. The wait was a turnoff, but the food was good.
3 TFW you get caught in a torrential summer downpour and find yourself in desperate need of shelter.  After blowing $10 bucks on flimsy, disposable umbrellas and winding up drenched anyway.  Who me?  So yeah...  The kid and I were in the midst of a mini Chinatown food crawl when suddenly the skies opened up and went grey.  If you've been in town for this seeming wettest summer on NYC record, you know what happened next.   We took cover here:  Decided to keep it simple with two orders of classic Pork-filled Soup Dumplings.  And I don't know...  I thought the skins were a little too thick and while the filling was brothy and hot,  I found myself preferring the ones from the Main Street location of Kung Fu in Flushing instead.  Blame it on the rain.  Service was welcoming and friendly, especially when they saw the kid and I walking in soaked to the bone.  But once we settled in, we felt a bit neglected and wound up having to flag someone down to take our order and to give us the check.  Not a deal breaker since everyone seemed well-meaning and kind.    Bottom line: Not a bad spot to take refuge from the rain.  But I've had better XLB.
4 Shanghai lo mein, soup dumplings, pan fried vegetable noodles.  Hot tea. Everything was delicious, hearty.  Place looks clean. But it's noisy.  Service was fast.  Stop in!
3 We ordered take out here quite frequent because the soup dumplings are more tasty, meat more fresh and better portion that other Shanghainese restaurants. In the past two years, the prices increased significantly for the food. The lunch special is one of my go to, I think they add msg in the food because I get really sleepy after a meal from here.
3 The Shanghai style lo mein is was amazing as was the hot and sour soup.  Fried dumplings were losers and they don't serve alcohol AND they aren't BYOB.  Service was great though!
4 Enjoyed the pork dumplings; so wonderfully juicy and flavorful.  We also shared the stir fried green beans, which were cooked perfectly and seasoned nicely. Finished our meal with an order of scallion pancakes. These had a nice flavor and I liked that they were fried, but they were a bit crispier than I expected. Overall, they did well with tag team service. We never had trouble getting our plates cleared or getting a refill on our drinks.  Only downsides were having to pay cash and wait for about 40 min. To get a table. Prices were very reasonable for great food in Chinatown.
5 It was actually a little bit hard to find since the first signage says Hop Kee restaurant but it's actually Shanghai Asian Manor. They do speak Cantonese! My boyfriend and I ordered the pork soup dumplings, fried pork buns, and the green onion pancake. I 100000% recommend the soup dumplings. It actually had soup inside that was so flavorful and fits perfectly in your mouth. Fried pork buns were okay and I loved how crispy and oniony the green onion pancakes were! It all comes with the black vinegar sauce with ginger which is a fantastic accompaniment to the food. Overall a great place!
5 Came here to share a quick meal.   We had a 15 minute wait and were then seated promptly.   Water was already on the table for us.  Service was great and quick.     We ordered Spicy Cabbage - which came with shredded ginger - a new thing to us, but SO yummy.   The dumplings (soup and shrimp) were perfect ... not thick and heavy like other places.   We had King Pao Chicken and the String beans.    Large servings (we had LOTS of leftovers!) and the price was perfect.   We'll be back for sure!
4 soup dumplings are smaller than ones you get in flushing i feel like.. but their crap soup dumplings taste much better!! service was great. chicken was also good. (general tsos)
4 My go-to spot for soup dumplings in Manhattan! The regular pork soup dumplings are delicious and consistent. I always get them hot with a thin enough skin just sturdy enough to prevent them from ripping too easily. The crab ones (unlike Joe's) actually tastes like crab, and the truffle dumplings are a must-try! I also always get scallion pancakes to share.   I find this place is best with a group of people as most of the dishes you order are large portions and then you get to try a little of everything. Really solid place overall! The restaurant is usually crowded though and I have ended up waiting up to 40 min depending on my party size.
4 Unfortunately we had a long wait to get in but once we were seated, it was very quick to order and get our food.   My party ordered family style off of the DimSum menu and we loaded up on all kinds of dumplings (fried and boiled) plus some appetizers like scallion pancakes and beef tendon (love the beef tendon).   It's exactly what you would want and expect from a Shanghainese DimSum place and you get a good value for what you pay for.
4 I came here with a few friends on a Thursday after work. We got dumplings and the scallion pancakes as well as a noodle dish.   Everything was good and tasted authentic.   Four stars because its cash only which can be a hassle
4 + 1  food quality - 0.5  slow service - 0.5  waiting time + 3.5  baseline ---------------- = 3.5  total  Tip: Be prepared for 20min waiting time in the evening.  Meant to eat here for a long time, but a line would usually divert me to a nearby eatery. Started with dumplings. Soup dumplings were solid, although the green ones (shrimp I believe) had too much greens in them and tasted like boiled kale.  Then moved on to the priciest item on the menu, a pork hock. It didn't disappoint, a jiggling mountain of fatty meat on the plate enough to eat for 2 people. But it took almost 30min to cook that. Oh, and the waiters were really slow refilling water and then taking the payment - despite at that hour the restaurant was only 3/4 filled.  All in all, good food but waiting time (outside and inside) lets this place down. Rounding up to 4 stars since Yelp doesn't allow halves.
4 Pork XLB are great. Wrapper extremely thin and broth is above average from other restaurants nearby. Truffle XLB was just ground up mushroom and truffle oil. Tasted terrible in my opinion, but I may have had a bad batch seeing that all the other reviewers enjoyed it. Their noodles are not handmade and the general taste was mediocre. Pretty good restaurant, avoid the truffle XLB, it's a gamble.
5 We get take out from here on a regular basis because it is super fast and delish.  We live close so the soup dumplings (steamed pork buns) always arrive piping hot.  Sesame chicken is another winner and scallion pancakes are everything you could ever want.
3 We were on our own dumpling tour and this was stop number 2. A friend we bumped into said they have great xiao long bao so we gave it a try. We were seated after a short wait and decided to order the watercress dumplings, shrimp, regular xiao long baos and truffle baos. The regular ones came first and I have to say I was not excited about how sweet they were. Then came the shrimp and watercress dumplings. I liked the watercress ones but still had a slight sweetness. The shrimp tasted okay but didn't have the crunchiness shrimp can have. The best one out of the bunch were the truffle baos for me. They had an earthiness that balanced out the sweetness.
2 This restaurant is very overpriced. Fish is not fresh. There are many more better choices around.
4 After finding for a while we found a restuarant which accepts cards. We didn't have cash. But they accept only AMEX. Please be sure to carry cash when you are in Chinatown.  The food was okay. We had dan dan noodles and crab and pork soup dumplings. After dinner I was feeling queasy but not sure if it was the food only.
5 This is by far my favorite Shanghainese restaurant in Chinatown and I feel that most places are becoming subpar. Although I didn't get a chance to take a picture, my party and I tried the truffle soup dumplings. Although it is around $13, almost double the price of regular soup dumplings, they were definitely worth the try. You have to like mushrooms though - and I would get it again. I highly recommend the Shanghainese rice cakes, soup dumplings (ANY kind is delicious), the watercress and shrimp dumplings, and fried crispy squid. The fried rice was good but nothing too special. The service was great too because they did not try to rush us even though we were there for about two hours. You rarely come by this when you eat around this area. This is my go-to spot and I will be back!
5 My favorite xiao long bao and shanghai restaurant in Manhattan ! Even better than some of them in Flushing. Their XLB is always on point. Their Ha gow is even better. We had their rice cake and wine chicken which was good too. The rice cake with pork and preserved vegetables was packed with flavor - a little on the oily side, but that's expected. The wine chicken and a pretty strong punch to it and their scallion pancake was solid too. My two favorites from this place would be the xiao long bao and the shrimp dumpling though. The hype for this place has slightly died down so it's good - not too long of a wait anymore.
4 This restaurant is a great place for soup dumplings! It is always packed, but the wait is not bad and well worth it! I always get the Shanghai noodles.
5 Best soup dumplings in chinatown by far. The only issue is that I can never get in there. Seems like too many people have found out about it. The scallion pancakes are good and the noodles. Enjoy great food here without spending tooo much dough. cash or amex only
5 This is my favorite place for pork soup dumplings.  A friend introduced us to this place when we first moved to the city and we visit often.  The sichuan wontons are a must; they are a bit spicy but in a good way!  The sweet and sour chicken is also very delicious.  The sesame chicken wasn't as tender.  There is often a long line but I think it's worth the wait.
4 Pretty good selection of Dim Sum. The restaurant had 20 min of waiting. Food was good and the total taxes included was $40 for 2. For a good restaurant in Chinatown, I would recommend it if you want to be sure to eat something good in the area
5 Incredible. Very affordable. I get the pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, and steamed buns. I leave with a full belly and a happy wallet.
5 Their soup dumplings are nothing short of decadent. These babies are some of my favorite xiao long Bao on all of New York. They are filled with the juiciest pork and broth - for that kick of umami, bite the tip off and add in their dumpling sauce and hot chili oil for a kick! My other favorites include their shanghai fried buns which are also filled with pork, their fried wontons, and the ever so popular Shanghai pan fried noodles. There's well over 100 selections you can make here - I've never had one thing I haven't loved!
4 A decent shanghaiese restaurant. Soup dumpling is awesome: full of soup and not too oily. The topping of the noodle soup is also good, but the noodle itself is not that authentic, as it is thick instead of the shanghaiese thin smooth noodles.  The atmosphere of this restaurant is better than a usual Chinatown restaurant though, and there is no line at all on a weekend noon. Hence, it is good for a casual weekend dinner
4 My friends and I were the first ones here on a Saturday morning at 11am when it opened. The sweltering heat outside was unbearable but walking into Shanghai Asian Manor was relieving.  The service is very good for a Chinatown restaurant and the place is clean.   As for the food, we ordered both the normal pork soup dumplings as well as the crab soup dumplings. We also got a combo cold appetizer plate with mock duck and kao fu (it's a spongey vegetarian thing). We got pan fried baos and wontons as well. This was all for 3 people and it was definitely enough food.  The highlight of our meal for me was definitely the soup dumplings. I've had soup dumplings across the world, even in Shanghai, and I can say these are some of the best ones I've had. Usually the crab ones beat out the normal ones because the crab just has more flavor. But here, the pork ones were just as flavorful and fresh. This took me by surprise, pleasantly, and I enjoyed both equally. The crab ones were also better than most crab soup dumplings I've had because you could actually see the pieces of crab inside. There was plenty of soup in the soup dumplings to slurp up!  The rest of the food was very good too. Very authentic, but nothing stood out as much as the soup dumplings. Overall it was very affordable as well and I would suggest going early because every other time I've walked by this place, there has been a line out the door!
5 This place was pretty charming. I enjoyed the restaurant very much. This place is pretty cozy and the people were friendly.   I got the tiny steam pork dumplings and wonton Szechuan style. The steam pork dumplings are actually the soup dumplings even though it doesn't say. Some places can't get the ratio right, but here the steam buns have the PERFECT ratio of meat, soup, and bun. The wonton Szechuan style was super flavorful and spicy! It was too spicy for me, though, where I just ate one wonton and took a break and switch over to the soup dumplings.
4 quality soup dumplings. real thin and soupy. the soup has a slightly strong soy flavor, but certainly tasty. still, I'd prefer a slightly lighter broth (think nan xiang). pork and crab has that sweetness that you're looking for. but I like my dumplings simple so pork all the way. they have a bigger menu than some other shanghainese places with some large family style offerings. the menu itself has a nice feel when you hold it (I know, this doesn't sound right) and there's a range of offerings. I really liked the shanghai rice cakes. I think these are the best I've had so far. also, the seating is a little more modern than most restaurants in the area. so good food, good setting. give this place a whirl. only minus is that the wait can be long since it's a relatively small place. borderline wham bam thank you ma'am kinda place, but service was decent. all around gem.
5 Great pork soup dumplings!!! Best I have ever had! The portion of the chicken and broccoli was small but it tasted great. The sesame cold noodles tasted great as well.
3 A good Chinese restaurant with decent quality food. Would give it more towards a 3.5 star rating. Food was nothing exceptional but certainly not poor. The soup dumplings had thick skin so the skill to make it thin and delicate was not there. Taste was decent but definitely can see the oils in it when the soup comes out. Same goes with the vegetables, tasty but very oily. Thinking about it, everything was unnecessary oily but not to the point of feeling sick after the meal. Alright place, way more foreigners in there now so it's expected that the authenticity of it has taken a hit.
5 This is a quality dim sum spot even considering it's in Chinatown. The food came out quickly, piping hot and delicious, and really hit the spot for me and my friends.  Green onion pancake: quite good! It was a little more oily than I like, but still flaky and savory. Perfect with the sauce it came with, or dipped in the soup my friend got.  Wontons: Mm the wontons came dipped in this sauce/oil that made the little nuggets of filling pop with just a hint of spicy.  XLB: what can I say, this is your tasty, standard xlb. The soup inside tasted pretty fresh, and our group reordered this because we couldn't get enough.
4 Ever since we got the sad news of Shanghai Cafe's closing, we've been on the lookout for tasty, cheap XLBs and comfort Chinese food. Came across some fellow Yelper recommendations of this place and they were not wrong.   Food: XLB (Pork): Tasty. Skin just thin enough, but I guess too thin because 4 of the 12 we ordered ripped! :( :(  Shredded pork in garlic sauce: This is The Husband's go-to but I do have to admit, they make it really good here!  Shanghai Fried Rice: Decent. The chicken was very stringy which I didn't enjoy. Scruffles got all the chicken. I'd skip this plate here.  Shanghai (Crispy) Pan Fried Noodles: Never had thick crispy noodles before, but it was actually very tasty. Didn't like the meat toppings-- shrimp and fish were too fishy, even for Chinese food. The beef and chicken...ick. I think I'll get a veggie one next time  Pan fried Pork Buns: Okay. Not juicy or fragrant inside like Kung Fu Steamed Buns'. That place has ruined all shen jiang baos for us  All in all, we are glad we tried this place. Moving onwards in our search though.
5 We got two orders of the pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes and chicken pan fried noodles. Their noodles are thicker than the ones I usually get, but they were still good. The soup dumplings were delicious, just wish they had the dumpling sauce I usually have at my other usual Shanghai restaurant instead of the vinegar infused soy sauce they have here. I think this place has my favorite scallion pancakes. They were SOOO good; a good portion for the price and super crispy. We also got the chicken fried rice (not pictured). I mixed some soy sauce and hot sauce with that which I really enjoyed. The line was starting as I got there which was around 7:30pm on a sunday. The place is pretty small, so expect a wait. The servers are super attentive. I really recommend this place if you're looking for some good Shanghai food.
4 The truffle xlb is very taste.  5*.  If you like Portobello mushrooms.  This is a must try.  $13.  Their fried pork chop is 3*.  It is dry and blend.  The black sesame balls are nice. 4.  The dough isn't q enough.     I will come back for the xlb.
4 Perfect food with perfect setting. We were there kn 4th of july looking for a place to grab good chinese before heading off to fdr to see fireworks and it was just the right place. Food was spicy and the proportions were good. The star of the evening was definitely soup dumplings! Would definitely come here again when in the area!
4 Very good stop. Red bean pancake was not too sweet and crispy! Too white to have any commentary on authenticity but it sure was tasty!
5 This is my FAVORITE restaurant to go to in Chinatown! I tried soup dumplings for the first time here about a year ago, and now I'm hooked!! I've tried soup dumplings at a few other Chinatown restaurants, and I still think these are the best!   Also, the Lo Mein is out of this world!! The noodles are thick and perfectly coated with sauce. I highly recommend the Shanghai Lo Mein with Shrimp, mixed meats and veggies. You won't regret it!
4 Long wait all the time, but worth it for the dumplings. We keep it simple by ordering dumplings, vegetables and pancakes. Good for after work where both myself, dog and wife are too tired to cook.
3 This place is not bad to go to for a quick dinner, but that's usually not the case because there's always a line here. The food here is mediocre and you can find pretty much similar food all over Chinatown. The soup dumplings here are pretty good tho compared to the other dishes. I would recommend going to less packed places such as Shanghai cuisine which is also on Mott st. It's much less packed for the same quality if not better.
5 Great service. Great food. Great price. Definitely worth it. We were seated immediately and our food was served fairly quickly. We got fried pork dumplings and Shanghai lo mein with chicken (pretty much chicken chow mein) and it was delicious.
5 Don't be fooled - Shanghai Asian Manor is in Chinatown. In New York City. Yes, that New York City in the U.S. It isn't in Shanghai, despite the name of the "manor". (It's really just a no-frills restaurant, not "a large country house with lands.") But the soup dumplings here may be on par with those you could find in a Shanghai manor. At less than a dollar a piece, they are a steal. Yet don't eat them too quickly lest they burn you. Maybe even pop a little hole in the dumpling with your chopstick to let it cool down first. I didn't do that, but I should have.   Also, this is not a wine bar or a brewery. In fact, it serves no alcohol whatsoever. So if you come here, do it for the dumplings, not for the alcohol that it doesn't have. And be prepared to wait for a table, as this spot is pretty popular with locals and residents of other neighborhoods alike.
4 One of the better soup dumpling locations in Chinatown. Be sure to try their assortment of noodles whether it be fried or with soup. Just a heads up they only accept cash and American Express!
5 Went twice in a week, so great! No wait for lunch both times. Steamed pork dumplings, scallion pancake, wanton Szechuan style, steamed buns with pork. Eating partner loved the buns and dumplings, I dug the wantons and dumplings. Ordered too much and ended up eating the scallion pancake and wantons as cold leftovers...they were killer!!!
4 The soup dumplings here were great! wish i could have eaten many more of them!
1 Very bad experience. Bad customer service. Won't come again. In a special day, we came to this place and the front desk told us that we need a 45 minutes waiting time. We decided to make a take out order then. We were asked to go to the back of the store to make an order. Then were told to leave the back area as we were in the middle of ordering. We couldn't get any respect. No matter what, it is a restaurant and it is a place to provide service, not only food.
4 Ordered 10 dishes. With a name like Shanghai Asian Manor I'd expect Americanized dishes all around but they make stuff pretty legit here. Food gonna range from meh to wtf how is it this good? Recommend the sesame noodles and the braised short ribs.
4 Our favorite place to get dumpling recently closed so we were looking for a new place to get our dumpling fix. We decided to try this place one night for dinner.   We ordered the pork soup dumplings to start, the scallion pancake and chicken shanghai noodles. The dumplings were fantastic!!! I definitely recommend coming here for them! The pancake was also good and perfectly crispy. The noodles were good as well, not my favorite but overall good.   I think it'll take another trip for me to pick out some other entrees I like there besides dumplings but it was a great start and like I said before the dumplings were fantastic!   The service was good, we were never rushed even when a line was forming outside and our table was needed. Keep on mind this place is cash only or they do take american express.
5 Went here for some dim sum. We had several offerings off the dim sum menu. the soup dumplings- I believe they were number one and number two on the menu - were delicious!! We had steamed pork buns, pan fried pork dumplings, Pork and crab dumplings, the watercress dumplings were delicious, wonton soup, pan fried noodles and Wuxi ribs. Everyone loved everything!! And we had a fun waiter with a good sense of humor.  We learned they will be changing ownership soon. Hopefully the new owners don't mess this place up. 21 Mott street. Also even the bathrooms were clean!
5 The food, the service, the bathrooms all top notch. We had a continuous cycle of food, soup dumplings, pan fried dumplings, steamed dumplings, spring rolls, xiog ribs things (in a searing hot bowl), watercress rolls, wonton soup, Shanghai fried noodle (oh my wow) Great tea--Smiling people who were impressed with our eating ability!  But the absolute must have is the soup dumplings and those Shanghai noodles
1 The food is just ok in terms of authentic Chinese taste. You can find same quality of food anywhere in the same area. But not very pleasant experience, service is BAD. The waitress in the front desk was rude to customers. The waiter couldn't take the order correctly. Definitely won't come back. If you haven't been here yet, you didn't miss anything but the horrible service.
4 I did a to go order for the office by phone. While the ordering process was a bit touch-and-go with the restaurant noise, our order was perfectly assembled some 15 minutes later. I tried two sets of dumplings - the soup dumplings (also known as steamed tiny bun with pork) and the Szechuan style wontons (also with pork). Both were delicious, although they were not the best soup dumplings I've ever had... they were really good! I would definitely get dumplings from here again.  I also got the pan-fried noodles with beef. They helpfully packaged the noodles separately from the beef broth, so that nothing got soggy in transit. I haven't had this type of dish much, but it struck me as an unobjectionable crowd-pleaser. I wasn't awed by it (it wasn't particularly flavorful), but it was definitely good comfort food.   Overall, a very positive experience. I would definitely do dumplings here again and I wouldn't hesitate to try some of the more interesting options.
5 One of the best actually authentic Chinese restaurants in Chinatown. The dumplings came out very hot and are not too oily compared to a lot of other places. The food came out really quickly. The soup dumplings are absolutely amazing. This place is like Din Tai Fung but only a million times better. Next time I come in I will have to try the pork or crab dumplings.
5 Best soup dumplings (xiao long bao) for the price! You can't beat it! The skin is thin, but doesn't break easily. Soup is rich and flavorful. The dumpling meat is juicy. Always comes out piping hot every time. Trust me, this place beats Joe's Shanghai ANY day. They have the worst, most overrated, bland xiao long bao that always breaks before you eat it. Come here if you want amazing soup dumplings. The scallion pancake is another hit, crispy but chewy at the same time. The dipping sauce completes it. The steamed shrimp dumplings are so fresh. The tiny fried pork buns are great too. Here, I don't really bother with the main dishes. The dumplings are the main attraction for me. Good customer service, always very fast, attentive, and efficient.
5 Easily our favorite restaurant for dim sum. My daughter and I have been coming here as our go-to Chinatown lunch spot for at least the past 8 years. We usually have to wait 10-20 minutes for a table but it's well worth it. We recommend getting the szechuan style wontons, the soup dumplings, and the snow pea leaf and shrimp dumplings. The food here is delicious and cheap to boot!
5 Xialongbao (soup dumplings) have always had my heart. From Din Tai Fung in California to Shanghai Asian Manor here in NYC, I can really put some of these things away. We had to wait about an hour to get in, but it was worth the wait. Each set comes with six dumplings at the price of about $6 per. I usually order two sets per person (I am in my 20's so don't judge!). The soup was savory and I could tell that they were had prepared in the back. The meat on the inside had umami out of this world. Love this place and will be taking friends back in the near future. Reminds me of a typical hole in the wall that Chinatown's demeanor hides from people that aren't willing to go in and adventure. MAKE THE TREK PEOPLE!
4 My and my girlfriends favorite place in NYC for soup dumplings, which says a lot because we have tried them at a ton of places. The skin is just thin enough to fit a good enough soup but not too thin where it breaks too easily. The soup base is also great as well and you cant beat the prices. This time I got chili wantons which were good and bean curd which was supposed to be spicy but wasn't spicy at all and for some reason didn't come with rice. The service is fine, especially for how busy they always are. There is usually a wait on the weekends, but it usually isn't too bad, had to wait 30 min at most for all the times I've been.
5 Only came in for their "soup dumplings" aka xiao long bao! A friend had recommended I try this on my short trip to New York and I was not disappointed! The soup dumplings were pretty tasty! I had ordered the pork and crab steamed tiny buns. I can taste the crab meat in each bite and if you're not careful, broth will come spilling out as you take your first bite into the soup dumpling. Meat was tender and flavorful, the dough was nice and soft. I'd definitely come back here to try more jtems on their menu!
4 My favorite Shanghai restaurant in Chinatown. It's clean, fast and food taste the same every single time. Whether you dine-in or order takeout it's really efficient. I love their xiao long baos or soup dumplings. I prefer the pork meat only one. But the crabmeat one is delicious as well. I don't remember what the truffle one taste like, but I will definitely try it next time. Their pan fried pork dumplings are really tasty, I would definitely recommend to get this as an appetizer to share... or not. It comes with a yummy sweet and thick soy sauce. I love adding that sauce to my noodles.
5 Great food and friendly service in the heart of Chinatown. Black truffle and pork dumplings are rich and delicious.
4 Excellent  Shanghai soupy dumpling, according to my picky parents, they said it's one of the best they've had.  Filly is not fatty and wrapper thin and most importantly my mom said, the top twist at the tip of the bun is made just right, not doughy.  We had garlic eggplant and ask for less oil and my picky mom said it's one of the best dishes made and definitely how it should be made Shanghainese way, extremely high heat in the wok, little oil and the sauce not glue and thick, but just enough to give the soft eggplant a nice glace, and the sauce has a touch of vinegar.  According to my picky mom, this is how it should be done the right way.  Will take my parents back for sure.
4 Decent and affordable fare. The soup dumplings and especially the garlic eggplant were pretty good. The Shanghai style lo mein and watercress pork dumplings were not bad either. Service was speedy.
5 I'm making it my goal to try everything on the menu. Everything is really good and the staff is super friendly. Can't go wrong with anything you choose to eat
5 Delicious! I tried pork soup dumplings, schezuan wantons, shrimp dumplings, and sauteed eggplant--it was all really good. I would recommend the eggplant because there's something magical about Asian eggplant and the wantons.
3 Review is for the xiao long bao only  Good not great. The broth inside is good and not as fatty as Joe's which some will like and others not as much. I like a cleaner flavor so I prefer these. Size wise they're on the bigger side, I prefer the smaller Din Tai Fung sized ones or if you're from Chicago Imperial La Mian has the perfect sized ones. Just feel like the balance is better between soup, meat, skin, and of course the ginger vinegar soy dipping sauce.   Do get- pork and crab XLB Pork XLB  I'm not a fan of the truffle XLB (I love truffle too) but others liked it so not a bad one to split to taste.
4 Was introduced to this place by a friend this past weekend. We had some absolutely delicious soup dumplings , the Jasmine tea at the beginning of the meal is such a nice touch,  and don't get me started on the scallion pancakes, if you're ever in Chinatown give this place a go.
4 Tasty food. Well seasoned. Dried shredded beef (oily but tasty), shanghai noodles, mapo tofu over rice. Overall good food.
5 I highly recommend this restaurant. I have been trying to find a restaurant that didn't add so much msg and oil.  The food was delicious and not greasy.  Service very good. I will be back often.
4 That was good. I start to think like Chinese food is good. Thank you for serving us. I wanna go there with my friends and boyfriend and my family.
4 I've been here a few times for the soup dumplings, and other small items at Shanghai Asian manor. The dumplings are always good and I love the variety of the other options. The food is cooked with less oil here than other surrounding spots and they are really accommodating when you ask for no oil.   My most recent time I got the soup dumplings which were good as always, the scallion pancake - very crispy and flakey, the spicy cabbage - it was not very spicy and I would skip next time, and the Chinese broccoli. My boyfriend got an additional plate of noodles which he liked, although thought they were oily.
5 Pork soup dumplings. Wonton szechuan dumplings.  Scallion pancakes. Rice balls in water for dessert. Repeat.
5 We loved the experience eating here in Chinatown, it was my favorite place we ate at while in New York City. We had chicken lo mein and fried dumplings and wonton soup balls? It was soup in the steamed wonton that you bit into and the soup pours out into your spoon then eat the whole thing. So interesting and delicious. Final bill for the two of us was only a little over $20, unbelievable! Looked family owned and they were very friendly. People kept pouring in the door before closing
4 Haven't had XLB in a while so was excited to find a place to in Chinatown for some hot soupy goodies. Shanghai Asian Manor is not a big restaurant. We came on a Friday around lunch time and were able to be seated right away. Even when a line started forming, everything moves quite quickly as the food really comes out in a flash.   We ordered 2 portions of the CRAB AND PORK SOUP DUMPLINGS. Compared to all the XLB's I've had in my lifetime, I'd say they are slightly above average. The skins are thin but not as strong and break very easily when picked up. A good amount of soup that is definitely piping hot. The flavors are pretty good, though I couldn't quite taste the crab as well.   In addition, we had the WONTONS IN CHILI OIL which we enjoyed quite a bit. Yummy pork wontons in a very tasty and not too spicy sauce (seems to have a bean paste base). It is oily but you just pick out the wontons to eat anyways. In addition (to feel slightly more healthy), stirfried PEA SPROUTS which is always a safe bet for veggies.  Overall, while not the best I've had, a very solid XLB place for a tasty and quick meal. The rest of the huge menu offers everything from more traditional dishes to Chinese-American staples.
5 First time in NY and this was the first spot we tried. Hands down best dumplings I've ever had. Absolutely delicious. This is a must in NY
5 This is my second time in here.  Good dumpling!!!  It's worth it to come from all the way from Hawaii.  Lunch time the line is bit long but quick. Aloha & Mahalo
4 This place has some of the best spicy wontons available in Chinatown. They use this type of XO Chinese sauce which has shredded scallops and shallots I believe that is so delicious. I highly recommend this dish. Also, their crab soup dumplings are a must and if you really want to try something different, try their Kao fu. It's like a sweet cold marinated bean curd that is really tasty. Their fried squid is amazing too.
5 Great soup dumplings, way better than Joe's.   After Nan Xiang in Queens fell off, I've been looking for a new spot to satisfy the cravings. I LOVE soup dumplings... but 85% of the stuff out there is just bad. Either too doughy on the outside or lacking the burst of flavor you come to expect with the dumplings.
5 We have been going to Shanghai Asian Manor for YEARS. The xialongboa/siulungboa are consistently fantastic (we've on more than one occasion had to order my then-3YO his own order of xiaolongboa), as are the scallion pancakes and so many other staples. But what got me off my lazy bum to review was the great service and exchange I had today. Last night, we ordered dinner via delivery including two soy milks with grass jelly. Unfortunately, they forgot the grass jelly. But with two kids to herd to the shower and sleep, we never got the chance to call the restaurant, so I just took a photo of our bill and drinks. Since the older kid went to Transfiguration Church Chinese School (across the street), I stopped by and told the hostess what happened and showed her the photo. She could not be more apologetic and nice. She offered to refund me, but the manager had just stepped out, so she consulted someone and they immediately asked if new drinks was all right instead of waiting. Since the cost of the grass jelly was just $1 extra and so they technically 'overcharged' $2, I figured they'd just give me a soy milk and call it even. They actually gave me two grass jelly soy milks and apologized profusely. Let me tell you, I grew up in NYC Chinatown and there's more than a fair share of brash, rude Chinese shop owners. It's a charm I've grown up with (used to), so the accommodation shown today was a bit shocking, but refreshing. Be warned ... there's almost always a line! But that's indicative of how good the food is.
5 I came here with a colleague for lunch. We were feeling soup dumplings but didn't feel like dealing with the madness that is Joe's Shanghai. We got several kinds of dumplings and they were all so good I couldn't choose a favorite. The price is a little bit more than Joe's but worth it to not have to deal with communal tables and a hectic atmosphere. Came back again with my mom when she was visiting and it was just as good the second time around.
5 Awesome food! The scallion pancakes were delicious and Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles were absolutely the best! I will definitely come back here again. Great and friendly service. Our waiter was super nice, he recommended our food and he was right on point. Very happy with everything!!
5 We loved everything about this place. The Green beans were awesome and flavorful and our favorite dish was the black truffle dumplings. The chicken lo mein was excellent as well. Can't wait to go back!
5 So the place next door is really the legendary one in terms of getting absurd quantities of soup dumpling really cheaply but this place is a great choice too. The quality of your experience is much higher with a much more diverse menu and much more personal service, with plenty of sauces, responsive waiters, and a flexible kitchen.
5 Should you go here? Yes, yes, yes. The selfish version of myself says don't because I want this all place to myself. But instead I choose to share with you this awesome gem I found. The pork dumplings were amazing and the fried rice as well. Wish I lived here so I could go 7 times a week. Also, they served hot tea at the beginning which was lovely. Our family of four ate for under $35.
1 Visiting from Australia. What is a 4 star in New York would be a 1-2 star back home. Disappointing Shanghainese food. Should have listened to strictly dumpling and avoided Chinatown in Manhattan...
1 I ended up going here because the place my friend recommend was closed. I wanted to try the soup dumplings my friend was raving about. I couldn't try them because they were all made with Pork and I don't eat pork. So I had to choose an alternate dish. I would up choosing vegetable spring rolls and general tso cause I was in a rush to eat. And figured I'd order something simple and familiar. No water offered only tea. ‍  After my food came I didn't see my waiter nor was I checked on for 30 minutes.   Spring rolls were over cooked and had a light burnt after taste. The general tso was also over cooked making the chicken extra crunchy to the point where the chicken was extremely chewy. There was nothing special about this food. And as I previously stated it took 30 minutes before my waiter came back to my table. No asked if I needed extra napkins or if I was ok with my meal. Mind you Everyone was being acknowledged and checked in with. You know what was the difference...I'm Black. I have this experience all the time but more specifically in Asian restaurants  (and by Asian I mean Korean, Chinese and Japanese etc). The anti-blackness and racism within these community are strong.   When it was time to pay the waiter said they only take American Express...wtf? Never have I ever! So I go to the counter and ask if they have an atm and the woman says no. So I tell her I have to go to an atm to get cash and I will be back. The woman tells me I need to leave my drivers license with her. I tell her I'm not doing that and I'm going to the atm next door to her cash. As I go to leave this woman proceeds to follow me out of the restaurant yelling at me in front of all the patrons that I have to leave my ID blah blah. I was extremely pissed and wanted to curse her out for being so disrespectful and out of line to follow and harass me. I ignored her and went to the atm. I came back and paid for my food. I obviously left no tip.   Not only is the service trash but the food is also trash. I have no reasons to ever return here. This establishment disgusts me.
4 Awesome!!! This place has amazing food for a fantastic price and I highly recommend! Our table ordered the scallion pancakes, potstickers, Szechuan wontons, pork soup dumplings, cashew chicken and vegetable fried rice. Everything was super tasty! The pork dumplings were my favorite and definitely the best I have ever had!!! I would go back tomorrow and order the same thing. Perfect portion for 4 to share. Everything cost $55 and that includes 4 sodas. The only reason I am not giving 5 stars is because they do not serve beer or wine. I love Sing Tao with Chinese food, but they only serve non-alcoholic drinks. That is the only thing that could have made my experience better!
5 Best soup dumplings around! Also had the schezwuan wonton and it was absolutely amazing. The somewhat spicy sauce was to die for and great noodles were great as well. Would come back when around the area.
5 Yum and good price of food. People are very nice there also. Loved all foods i ordered
3 Come for the dumplings and then go downstairs to Hop Kee for your mains. The Shanghai pork steam buns (soup dumplings) and the Szechuan dumplings were very good, and the regular pork dumplings also were tasty. I did not like the crab soup dumplings. I did not care for the main courses at all. The salt and pepper pork chops were greasy and had no spicy peppers, the special fried rice was tasteless, and the tangerine beef might have just as well been General Tso's chicken.
5 "Aunt Yuk.  This place has the best soup dumplings."  There may be a future yelper/food critic in the making with my 7 year old niece and 10 year old nephew. Months ago, the then 6 yo reminded me of her birthday for 2018 would be on a Sunday.  Translation, I expect you to be in town.  So comes said birthday date and family lunch at Shanghai Asian Manor decided upon by the kiddos.  Getting there on the earlier side afforded us a large table.  Pretty soon afterwards, the restaurant was packed to the gills with customers waiting for a table.      In the standard Chinese family style, several orders of soup dumplings were placed and they came out stacked on bamboo steamers.  Time to dig in!  Everyone was pleased and not disappointed with the flavors and soup.
5 Wow, honestly one of the best soup dumplings/fried dumplings I've had in the states. The soup dumplings didn't break super easily, but still had a thin skin and were FILLED with soup. Absolutely delicious. Also had some noodles that were good but the highlight was definitely the crab/pork soup dumplings for me!! We also go seated very fast and had our food out to us 15 minutes after getting seated, quickest service ever! The atmosphere was decent for a Chinese place too!
3 Overall is a okay place to go. I love the steamed burn with crab and pork! There is lots of crab inside! The stuffing is juicy and the skin is thin. Absolutely worth coming again. However, the fried burn is so bad, with a little bit stuffing, not juicy at all and very thick skin. The Wuxi rib is bitter and not tasty.
3 3.5- Believe it or not, this was my first time going to Chinatown for soup dumplings/ dumplings in general. It did not disappoint until I found a hair on one of the dumplings and then lost my appetite. But before that, the food was delicious HAH! (I get it, it happens, the waitress handled it well and comped us for that dish.) ANYWAYS- We ordered the famous steamed crab meat and pork soup dumplings, steamed vegetable dumplings, scallion pancakes, wonton szechuan style dumplings and beef lo mein. My favorite was hands down the szechuan style dumplings. These dumplings were bursting in flavor that I was dipping everything in this sauce. I would go back and have 3 orders of these dumplings and the scallion pancakes which were my next favorite. Beef lo mein was good and the other dumplings were good but average in my opinion. I'll be back!
4 Great place for soup dumplings! I've heard a lot about this place from all my friends who live up in New York so I finally checked it out. I got the pork soup dumplings and the green onion pancake. Everything was fresh and delicious. The soup dumplings had the perfect amount of soup and the texture was divine. This place is definitely one of my favorites in Chinatown to get soup dumplings from.
3 I thought they were tasty until I went to their sister restaurant in Queens. Oh boy, what a difference! If you've never tried the Queen's one, then this place is a decent substitute to get your soup bomb cravings satisfied.
4 I googled best restaurant in Chinatown NYC and this place showed up on top. Came there during lunchtime and as expected there was a long line waiting for tables. I did not know that the receptionist was asking people for names for reservation purposes so I ended up waiting a little bit longer than expected - recommend the restaurant to post this info somewhere so newcomers like me know what to do when showing up in line.   I ordered the panfried noodle and the black truffle soup dumplings, both of which are amazing. I haven't had any panfried noodles (it's more like crunchy deep fried noodles) in years so I could be biased. I'm a big fan of their soup dumplings, although it's rather pricey compared to the regular dumplings.  Expect the place to be crowded and loud, and that the waiters will try to usher you out as soon as you finish your meal.
4 Our fave for xiao long bao for years.  Very good and very consistent.  Skin texture and thickness, meat filling, and soup are all perfect.  The Szechuan wonton was good but a little on the sweet side and not spicy enough for me.  The scallion  pancake that is served on a boat plate is also the best in the city.  Thin and perfectly crispy with just enough scallion. It should be one of the easiest things to make but shockingly very few places do it well.  Other dishes here are generally good.  Expect to wait for a table during peak times but it is certainly worth it.
4 by far the best soup pork dumplings ever!  My family and I make the trip to mott street from bayside queens just for their dumplings.  Place does get busy, wish we could make reservations vs waiting around for a table.
4 My favorite soup dumpling spot is probably shanghai asian manor. The skin is soft and has the perfect thickness. It's not super thick or super thin and the soup is flavorful. They also give a ton of thinly sliced ginger in the vinegar which I really appreciate. I also love their scallion pancakes. It's super crispy on the outside with that slight doughy texture on the inside.   Yeah, the service isn't the best and they don't take any other card except for amex but the food makes it worthwhile.
4 Busy location , for a table of four had to wait about 25 mins , not too bad .   The sesame chicken was our favorite . The dumplings and egg rolls where delicious .
4 Yummy in my tummy. It's a neighborhood staple. Authentic Chinese best in Murray Hill. A must try.
3 For a 1 Star Michelin Restaurant, I was a bit disappointed by the food. I ordered the Scallion Pancakes, Vegetable Pot Stickers, Ma Po Tofu and the Cold Noodles Szechuan Style. I would say the Cold Noodles Szechuan style were the highlight of this meal while the Ma Po Tofu and Vegetable Pot Stickers were very underwhelming. I highly recommend the Cold Noodles Szechuan Style and that dish honestly saved this review from a 2 star to 3 star review  They have quite an extensive menu when it comes to drinks and I am always happy to find a place that can make a good Vesper. I thoroughly enjoyed the cocktails and even had a couple shots of baiju which I always recommend.  The decor was nice and relatively authentic and I always do appreciate that.  The service was average in terms of they took care of us when we asked for things and they took our orders. Nothing personal, but I really appreciate wait staff that are enthusiastic about being there and give off a friendly tone when speaking to their customers.
3 The food is definitely authentic, and it's not your typical American Chinese food that you're used to, but would go again. Was just taken back on the noodles which I ordered which Tasted like ass but I forgot the name
5 One of my favorite authentic Chinese restaurants in the city! Could not go wrong with anything you order here.
5 Sweet sour ribs, scallion pancake, Dan Dan noodles, beef and green chiles, Kung pao chicken, pork dumpling duck fried rice
5 I have to admit, Café China was simply awesome. I love the vibe. Café China has an amazing Kung Pao Chicken, this was my first time giving it a try here, and I was pleasantly surprised with how good it was. They are very clean and the workers were super polite. Café China... What else could you want?
4 I love cafe china. The shrimps and the fried rice are my go tos! The shrimps is perfectly fried with chilis but is not too spicy. I love that the shrimps are fried in the shell. I eat the shell for a nice crunch! Even without the shell, the shrimps are well seasoned and absolutely delicious. The fried rice is out of this world, you can taste the wok flavor and it is seasoned well and so good. I have also been there for lunch and it is so so so so so so good!
5 Got a lunch special delivery yesterday - 1) Mapo tofu and 2) eggplant in garlic sauce. Both were good with flavorful and fragrant Szechuan spiciness. Despite of lots of chili oils, the food didn't taste too oily or too greasy. This place is always satisfying! Lunch specials price was surprisingly affordable, too. The foods might not come in huge portion in comparison to those in other Chinese restaurants, but I like this way - proper amount of food and good/clean tastes.
5 Just plain amazing. I got takeout from them and it came very quickly. Everything was cooked to perfection, and the flavors were spot on! Definitely the best Chinese in Midtown and among the best in the city.
5 Whenever my cousins come visit, our first stop on our food tour is Cafe China.   We love Cafe China so much, last time we ordered 6 items between the 3 of us and one of my cousins had to leave and hurl and then come back. She kept eating.   Apologies, I know it is TMI. But not much else needs to be said.   GO SUPPORT THEM!   P.S. Chungking braised fish stew, spicy cumin lamb, soft shell crab, lobster Szechuan, Chungking spicy chicken are among the favorites.  P.S.2 They have a wonderful and very reasonable lunch menu.
5 Favorite dishes hands down: Spicy beef tendon, Spicy baked whole fish, sliced pork in garlic-soy dressing, pork dumplings in chili oil! Decently priced, but packed with flavor. On the top of my list of go-to cheat-spots. Also, got give props on carry-out, food prep is really fast. My order is typically ready for pick-up in 10-15 min!   Covid update: they have a great outdoor set-up that is somewhat enclosed to keep you safe & comfortable from the elements outdoors.  (My check-ins at Cafe China don't do it justice...i definitely visit this place or order carry-out more than I remember to check-in)  YOU KNOW I'LL BE  GOING BACK!
5 Went on CNY. The food was delicious and authentic. Had the fish blossom, tofu fish fillets, pea sprouts with garlic, mung bean jelly, and vege pot stickers. The flavors were beyond this world and there were little outdoor booths in addition to indoor dining. Services were nice. Def a great spot!
5 Absolutely love this place Their Chinese food is authentic, pure and they Do not use MSG. I Never get a tummy ache after eating like I do with most Chinese food places.  High quality food  High quality care Very nice people Usually order beef w Green Chile's and Kung Pao and so so good!!!!!!
5 Over the course of the pandemic my SO and I have ordered from Cafe China at least 10 times. We consistently over order because everything is so great.   Our go-tos:  Scallion pancakes String beans  Cucumber  Mapo tofu   Our sometimes orders: Veg dumplings  Shrimp dumplings  Dan Dan noodles  Fragrant fish filet  Kung fu shrimp  Eggplant in garlic sauce   It's not Michelin starred but actually cheaper than a lot of other Szechuan places (and they generally give larger portions as well). Usually we order two veggies, an app, and two mains and it lasts is for at least six meals.
5 This is my all time favorite chinese food in NYC. For the food, the price is amazing. The food is always outrageously delicious. The fish with tofu is THE BEST and the ma po tofu and garlic eggplant are also just out of this world good. The lunch special is really the secret ticket.
5 This is probably one of my favorite places if China Blue hadn't gone out of business. I think China Blue takes the first spot for Shanghainese/Chinese/Sichuan cuisine in Manhattan. I can't speak for the other boroughs because I haven't ventured out to Flushing much. I've enjoyed their lunch specials a lot and their takeout always arrives delicious. My favorite are their spicy fried fish fillet and mapo tofu but they also make a mean chicken dish :)
5 Went here about a year ago. The shrimp dumplings were to die for. Loved everything about this place
3 Solid 3.5 stars!  I love Szechuan cuisine and grew up eating a lot of it, which means I expected a lot from a place that has a Michelin star. The dishes I ordered here were, unfortunately, not exceptional in any way, especially for the price.  I ordered the following for delivery:  Twice-cooked pork:  Good! Tender pork belly, cooked well. Makes for delicious leftovers.  Pork dumplings: On the smaller side with minimal filling. The sauce isn't spicy but more sweet. If you're expecting a traditional black vinegar sauce, this isn't it.   Scallion pancakes: Thin and crispy--probably best eaten immediately after cooking, so I wouldn't suggest ordering this for delivery. (Give them a nuke in the oven if you do.)  Dan dan noodles: Not a lot going on here. Came with minimal meat and 1-2 strings of veggies.   Husband and wife appetizer: Probably my favorite out of the list. The meat was tender, and the flavors were stronger and more on par with what you'd expect at an authentic Szechuan place.  Delivery came right on time, but the portions were smaller than I had hoped.   Overall, I'd say this place is probably more suited towards an Americanized palate. It's a good intro place for those looking to start eating more authentic Szechuan cuisine but certainly not the best place to get it.
4 4.5 stars, had to round down due to the price  I'm usually quite generous when it comes to spending money on good food, but the dishes here are truly overpriced. On my first visit here pre-COVID, we ordered the mapo tofu, soft shell crabs w/ peppercorn & chili, and spicy fish fillet. All very good, authentic, & spicy. The mapo tofu was among the best I've ever had (comparable to Hu po's mapo tofu). The crabs were my favorite, but too little meat for the price.   The second time around I only ordered the Lobster (Szechuan style) for ~$50 b/c I was craving for some good seafood. Spicy & delicious. I miss the good old days where you can spend just $20 on a dish for lobster pan-fried noodles...  Nonetheless, I will come back to (re)try some of their dishes, but it likely won't be often.
2 I was so looking forward to this meal as the reviews are so good for Café China.  I ordered Eggplant with garlic sauce, mild temperature with brown rice. Surprising the order does not come with rice so you pay extra for that.   The ordering and delivery were quick and easy.   The eggplant dish was SO oily and it came spicy instead of the mild I had requested online. Definitely a little disappointed.   I may give it another try but won't be for a while.
4 Authentic Sichuanese food with American fine dining restaurant standards, in the heart of mid-town Manhattan. No wonder it has all the buzz and a Michelin star.   Besides those usual comforting, delicious,  hot and spicy Sichuanese dishes, my favorite dish here is actually the steamed eggplants (also spicy). That's the flavor from home but few authentic Sichuanese restaurants care to put on their menu. The only thing I'll try to remember is to ask for less sodium (both salt & MSG) next time because the dishes are too salty to my personal taste.
5 Before lockdown, I would come to Cafe China for their lunch menu since my office is nearby. Great variety of authentic Chinese meals and the perfect amount of spice! You can request it to be more mild, but there's always a bit of kick for flavor. Kung Pao Chicken is my go-to, but I'll get the Silkie Chicken Soup if I'm feeling under the weather or need a pick-me-up.   Yes, you spend a little more than you would at your garden variety Chinese-American food restaurant (and nothing wrong with those!), but the quality ingredients are worth it. You taste the love in their dishes. They're consistently good and I'm never disappointed. I've come a few times for dinner when indoor seating was allowed and the atmosphere (and cocktails) are great for a group since meals are big enough to be shared. Hope this place sticks around for a long time!
4 This is the first Michelin star restaurant I visited.   App: One of best Szechuan style dumplings I have had. The shapes were gorgeous, just the right amount of stuffing and the oil - oh the oil. I can drink gallons of that shit..the perfect combination of sweet and hot.    Main course: we ordered Spicy cumin lamb and three pepper chicken. Both tasted good, although not distinctively different than other decent Szechuan places.   Covid specific stuff: outdoor seating is decent and almost wind proof. Heater isn't strong enough. The street seemed reasonably busy, so expect gigantic trucks passing inches away while you are slurping the chili oil.
3 ***Pre-covid Review***  Overall (3.5/5): A bit disappointing in terms of uniqueness, but a solid spot for authentic Chinese in mid-town.   Food (4/5): Flavors were good, but not mindblowing. If you had brought it home for takeout, I would not have guessed it came from a high-profile restaurant.  Atmosphere (3/5): Dark wood and traditional Chinese decor. Intimate.  Uniqueness (3/5): As a Chinese-American, I was honestly expecting more from a Michelin-starred Chinese restaurant. I think you'd probably find equally, if not better, food in Chinatown or Flushing for VASTLY cheaper prices.   Value (3/5): See uniqueness, not the greatest 'value' if you're looking for elevated Chinese.
5 As Angelinos walking is not a prob. Yeah we have car culture but we walk. We had walked all the way from the World Trade Center. It was a mixed day for us. It had rained and there was sunshine. So we had panchos and walking sightseeing everything. But like any great journey, you get hungry and we were close by to Cafe China. I thought the name is meh but we went inside and it was packed. The lady told us that we had to wait 30min to get seated. We were patient since our legs were drained. Our hunger though intensified as we saw the dishes go around. We asked for water and they served us some as we waited in the front. We finally got our seats next to this other couple. We ordered our food. I will be honest the food that got me were the dumplings. I ate them like there was no tomorrow. They were delicious and I wanted all in my mouth. I did not want to share with my fiancee but I did. We also had our other dishes and they got us full. We went back to our airbnb in Brooklyn stuffed and ready to sleep our tired bodies for the next day to explore all of Central Park. Yeah even more walking.
5 This place is incredible, have been here on a few occasions. Their technique of Szechuan cooking is unrivaled. They're able to master the flavor of chili oil without being too greasy, and they've also mastered the "ma la" flavor, which is spicy in a way that makes your mouth slightly numb (but in a pleasant way). The quality of their peppercorns and star anise must be excellent because the flavors they're able to achieve are unrivaled. The cumin lamb is perfect, I always order this. It's a cold dish and the lamb is always sliced thinly and super tender with the perfect ma la flavor. The fish stew is also great, I always order it red style. The broth is hot and spicy and really makes the mouth go numb (don't accidentally bite into a peppercorn!) I love putting the soup over rice for a delicious, hot, spicy dish. The bok choy is a nice and fresh reprieve from all the spicy. I've also had the spicy beef tendon, which is also super good, the tendon is perfectly chewy. I've also had the 3 pepper chicken which is also delicious. Don't have a single complaint about this place. Will be coming back for years to come.
5 Love this place. They have an awesome outdoor setup. Individual rooms with heat lamps and open air circulation. Recently they're also offering amazing deal on bottles of wine. Count me in! The sparkling brut rose is delicious and perfect accompaniment to a spicy ma la meal. We've been here twice and have tried the following: cumin lamb, mapo tofu, mung bean jelly, and fish blossom. Everything is delicious and we've only swapped out one thing to try something new during our second visit haha. The service is impeccable. They bring you whatever you need and will even keep your sparkling wine perfectly on ice and pour for you. The inside of the restaurant has a nice trendy vibe as well. This is definitely one of my go tos for higher end Chinese food.
5 Some of the best Szechuan food in the city. Mapo Tofu, cumin lamb, and the boiled fish are the highlights of the menu for me. Always a good place to eat great Szechuan food. The service is always good, and the takeout is quite quick if you live nearby. Would always recommend this to anyone looking for good food in midtown.
3 It was not as authentic as I like it to be. Smaller portions also. If your in the area give it a try but otherwise don't travel here on purpose
5 Have been a long time loyal customer of cafe china. The most delicious Szechuan food. Went last night and had to write a review on their outdoor dining setup which was amazing! They have covered enclosures with three walls around each table and also have heaters. It was fully comfortable on a 50 degree night and felt cozy. They have made a few changes to the menu post pandemic (no more tiger salad) but quality was just as good. I suspect with their setup outdoor dining will be going all winter!
4 I've only been there once this year. Maybe they changed the chef but the taste is not as good as year 2019, more like home cooking now. And the size is wayyy to small. Understand it's Michelin, but the design is not Michelin standard, only size.
5 Perfect place, food was great. Seats are all spread out. Nice atmosphere. And no lines!
5 Stumbled upon this place and couldn't have been more pleasantly surprised! Service was impeccable and THE BEST Szechuan tofu I have ever had, lychee martini was so delicious, and of course the scallion pancakes and veg dumplings were spot on. Could not say a bad word about this place! :)
3 I know this place is shut down due to covid? Ordered delivery from them before it got shut down, the food really was just mediocre... still sad to see it got shut down though
3 I would have given a solid 4 stars, but for one thing. Our waiter let us order dishes that were basically duplicates of each other. One was a fish dish, with snowpeas. The second, a side-order of veg...which was...snowpeas. Normally, I would not say "our waiter let us" because, we were all adults, and clearly able to make our own choices. But, we asked him to make recommendations, and after we all ordered a variety of dishes, he recommended the snow pea side. A veggie sounded like a great idea, (little did I know it was $18 for a bowl of veg which we had already basically lots of in our assortment...seems kind of crazy...) so we ordered it.   Our waiter was no slouch, and really knew what he was doing...and I say that from a positive angle, as well as this one...he was attentive and knowledgeable, and quick and professional. But, I felt like he had sold us the most expensive side dish because he could.   I probably wouldn't go back because of that...I am happy to support my local restaurants. But I would honestly rather give a donation, than feel like I was kind of taken advantage of.  Other than that --the food was excellent (do not miss the mapo tofu - it's perfect), service attentive, outdoor seating really well done, everything was great. But...really great restaurants you'd go back to are about ALL the things. So I can't star more than three.
4 The place has a great rep but long waiting lines so we were grateful to get a walk-up table outside.  VERY pleased with the meal.  The server wisely recommended getting a variety of dishes to share, including beef with mushrooms, spicy tofu, a nice fish dice and rice with shredded duck.  Made for a great combo.  I was telling a friend who's a connoisseur of Chinese food about it and he said 'oh yeah, a favorite lunch spot of mine.'
4 I was sad to see the closure of China Blue in Soho (though the staff told us they're "cooking" something new that would open around midtown "soon"), so I decided to go to their sister restaurant in midtown for some of their classic Szechuan dishes.  It was my first time trying the snow pea shoots, and while they did taste good and had plenty of flavor the price tag of $18 seemed a bit steep for a bowl of greens.  The mapo tofu ($11) was as good as it gets. I love the numbing tongue feeling that you get from the peppercorns in it. You can add the minced pork for additional $1 and should also definitely pair it with the side of white rice ($2).  The star of the lineup was definitely the cold Szechuan style noodles with vinaigrette and peanuts. I don't generally enjoy cold noodle dishes but this one did it for me. You won't understand at 100% until you try it out yourself.  All in all, I really enjoyed the food at Cafe China. The staff were all wearing cloves and masks, and they provided you with hand sanitizer. The only downside of the experience was that there were not heaters at the outdoor seating and the street traffic can get extremely loud and annoying.
5 This is truly the best Chinese restaurant in NYC. I have to say, I have traveled around the world, when I come back, this is the first place I want to eat and order; Nothing beats their dishes: Scallion Pancakes, Ma Po Tofu, Kung Lao Chicken, Fish Filet with Tofu, Three Pepper Chicken, Eggplant in Garlic Sauce. They are out of this world!!
2 Beware-- My mom ordered chicken dish. Mild. And this is what she got, hundreds of spicy spicy peppers inside. She called to complain and they didn't refund her or replace it, saying she should've asked for a lower spice level next time. MILD! This is what restaurants usually would do if you ask for extra spicy in my opinion. I love spicy food and she gave me this to try, it's honestly so covered in peppers/spicy that it's borderline inedible.
5 I recently got delivery here. I ordered the kung pow chicken and it was incredible! Perfect balance of peanuts, chicken, and pepper. The dish is sweet with a kick. Would highly recommend ordering with a side of rice. 10/10
5 I decided to have takeout this time due to the pandemic but have also went for indoor dining before. This place is awesome and loved it both the times. Would certainly recommend trying the dan dan noodles, spicy wontons and the lamb cumin. Definitely coming back again.
5 This place is absolutely divine. I came to NYC, from Houston. Houston is known for its culinary diversity, but this place and the staff have made it to my #1 food spot of all time. Must try!!!!
5 I visited here before the pandemic. I loved how they decorated this place and the food is truly authentic!  Miss the food and the atmosphere already!
5 imagine you're in a cafe, in china  now get this, you're eating szechuan food in this cafe  but then you wake up from your illusion. You're not actually in a cafe in china, you're in Café China in Manhattan. That's how good this food is.......
4 This is hands down my favorite udon in the bay area. The noodles are chewy and springy. The sauce is flavorful but on the lighter side - not fatty but lots of meat. The option to add an egg is genius. The tempura/ side dish bar is always fresh and well-stocked. I love the curry croquette, Tamago (egg), spam musubi, and beef onigiri. I just wish they were open on the weekends.
5 I live here. Cafe China is the one of the best Chinese restaurant in Manhattan. The food is amazing. Service is nice . Very authentic.
1 this food was so awful we threw it out $70 in the garbage. don't believe the photographs
3 Finally came here after having this place on the to visit list. Came here for lunch on a lovely autumn day. They have set up 4x4 tables for outdoor dining on the street, each table is separated by a partition and under a temporary roof. A nice set up. We came here as they opened at 11am on a Sat so no issue with having to wait. By 11:40, all the tables were occupied We ordered some dim sum and the tan tan noodles as starters. The pork stickers (aka woh tip) and crystal shrimp dumpling (aka har gow) were ok but not the best compared to a number of places in Chinatown. They used tiny shrimps for the har gow instead larger ones like they do in more traditional dim sum places. Considering the quality and price, a little disappointing. We also ordered a few entree family style and they were pretty tasty. We had the garlic chinese broccoli, double fried pork and the braised pork belly with mustard greens. Overall, the set up was nice, the food was mix, portions a little on the small side and the price definitely on the high side. Note: we came with a toddler but they do not have any high chairs but we managed.
5 Known for good Sichuan food, this place has been extremely consistent during COVID. Best mapo tofu in NYC (very spicy!), and the garlic pea shoots are also a formidable competitor. The fish stews are generously portioned and extremely complex.
5 Don't even think about fucking playing games with this place. This is the finest Sichuan food in this city, and earns its Michelin Star and then some every time I visit. Their three pepper chicken is the star of the menu but everything else has surpassing quality that will take your breath away and leave you sweating in ecstatic repose like you just got off the bang bus.  If you're one of those whypeepoe who can't handle flavor, taste, or spice please do not come here. I don't want to see your stupid cheese filled face anyway. This is a gem. If they were taking investments I'd give them my life savings. If they were a motorcycle they'd be a Ducati RSV4. If you're in a bad marriage this meal will help you realize you need a divorce.   Bottom line: if you have a lust for life and are worth your salt you will eat here; not just for what they'll give you but also so you can have a chance to give them the honor and respect they deserve for providing culture to this god forsaken stupid city  10/10  ‍
5 Food was delishh and good quality   can't wait to go back ! I had to start the scallion pancakes and for entree  the spicy beef with fried rice with duck and a side of sautéed string beans!! Liked all 10 during the corona u couldn't help it
5 Desperate to find a place opened past 9pm, my boyfriend and I stumbled upon this restaurant. We were immediately welcomed by a server and handed a menu. Satisfied with the immediate and welcoming service, we quickly sat down and were amazed with the many delicious options. We started off with the 2046 and the Lucky Lychee, and later ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and Sweet Potato Pancakes. Every item was made with perfection and I have absolutely no complaints. We will DEFINITELY be back for more!
5 This place is always suppppppppppper crowded and busy. It's incredibly annoying. I reserved ahead. You won't be disappointed. We really like the spicy chicken and dumplings here. Their mapo tofu is good too. My friend ordered duck tongue and i didn't touch that lol. But they said it was relished well. They have a good selection of cocktails too which I would definitely recommend.the staff and servers were pleasant and hospitable.
5 One of my favorite spots in the city. My first year of work, I would try to be disciplined with my food intake throughout the week. Then, every Friday I would treat myself to a meal at Cafe China - an extremely reasonably priced Michelin guided restaurant.   The menu is long and the portions are large, so I recommend eating family-style with a group and trying as many things as possible. My go-to is the dan dan noodles with pork dumplings and chili oil but you can't go wrong with the entire menu.
5 Simply the best Szechuan food I have ever had. Have never had a bad item on the menu but especially love the mapo tofu, cold noodles and Kung pao chicken. This is one of the best spots in nyc.
5 This is my favorite Asian restaurant in NYC. It has the best chili oil dumplings by far. My normal order is a bowl of chili oil dumplings- the sauce is the best- it's really sweet, their Kung fu Shrimp- spicy and full of seasoning- and a veggie plate either the snow peas or bok Choy. You can't go wrong with that order! My coworkers love coming here during our lunch break. It's super fast service. They try to turn the tables pretty quick, which is great bc we all have to go back to work!
4 Can't believe I never wrote a review! I used to frequent here when I worked in midtown years ago, and this place was always packed during lunch and dinner times.  The food is delicious. They are perhaps more famous for their soup dumplings, which can take a long time (around 20 minutes) since it is made to order. The ma po tofu here was really good, so was the pork dumpling in chili oil. The dine-in service was always good. I have also requested take-out, which was also a good deal. Hope this place is still thriving during covid-19!
5 I rarely will do a review based on takeout/delivery, but we've been lucky enough to be in their delivery radius since COVID hit, and have fallen in love with the place. The dan dan noodles and wontons in chili oil are staples of our orders, as is the shredded beef with green chilis, which my wife loves. The spicy cumin lamb is probably my favorite entree, along with Chungking spicy chicken. I also really liked the mapo tofu.  Some of the best Chinese/Szechuan you can get.
1 No tofu in tofu fish?! They have some good dishes, but the tofu fish is definitely the worst dish I've ever had in all the Chinese restaurants I tried. Way below the bar.
5 My friend has continuously talked up this place for months, saying its one of the best places she's eaten at, especially when you take into account the price!  (Also this was a Michelin restaurant, but apparently got their star taken away, but I'd give it back based on my experience.)  Anyway... the scallion pancake is incredible.  I could eat that every day, multiple times a day.  The three pepper chicken also stands out in my mind as delicious.  Even the plain rice was delicious.  I wish I could order Cafe China to my apartment in Minneapolis, but instead I'll head straight here whenever it's safe to visit NYC and eat in a restaurant gain.
5 The Duck Fried Rice and Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil are my favorites here. The Duck Fried Rice is a savory and sweet. I always mix the Chili Oil from the Dumplings into my fried rice; the added sweetness from the oil and little kick of spice really elevates this fried rice and most other rice dishes. Whenever I order various rice dishes, even from other restaurants, I always make sure to get the Dumplings in Chili Oil from here. The only thing more perfect would be the option to order the Chili Oil separately.
5 Cafe China takeout was so delicious! The Duck Fried Rice and Pork Dumplings are a must. The dumplings are doused in a chili oil you won't be able to get enough of, with such a yummy filling. The Pork Belly is also a great menu option, and compliments the fried rice very well. We also ordered the Scallion Pancakes which had a flaky and crispy wrapper - good appetizer option to fill you up a little bit if the other 3 are not enough. Prices are incredibly reasonable for the portion sizes, and worth every bite. The 4 items could probably serve a party of 4.
4 This place is always crowded and my group waited about an hour on a Sunday night, back in 2019. Food is solid and all servers are bilingual. My group is a picky eater and they approve the food. Definitely worth a visit.
4 This place is honestly so good. The food really hit the spot I would order again. The delivery came earlier than expected. Deliver right to the building outside wearing a mask and gloves.
4 I got takeout from Café China during quaratine. The food was good. We got the Kung Pao chicken, the Dan Dan noodles, and the Three Pepper Chicken. We also got brown rice on the side. There are these peppers in the chicken dishes that numb your mouth so you can handle the spiciness! The Kung Pao chicken has a lot of dynamic flavors. The three pepper chicken was my favorite. I mixed it with the noodles and it was really tasty. I would love to go to dine at the restaurant when quaratine is over to get a full experience but the takeout was really good.
5 This place was my first introduction to schezwan food and there was no way going back. Been their constant customer and their service and food is spot on. They do not take reservations so you have no option but to wait in line. But the wait is worth it! Their chungking spicy chicken is one of my favorite dishes. Their spicy chengdu wonton is really spicy and gives a nice kick. You also have to try their pork dumplings in chilly oil. What can I say, everything I've eaten here is simply delicious!
5 Got takeout for my husbands bday and boy it did not disappoint. Fav dishes were tea smoked duck, bang bang chicken, and cumin lamb. Will definitely go back in person once the stay in place is lifted.
5 Not sure that there's any place in NY that offers the quality of food that Cafe China does - well deserved Michelin star. But that's just the 50% of it. The other half - incredibly low price. You are really getting the most bang out of your buck here. The food is as authentic as it gets, ambiance great and a service to match that. The only downside I experience every time is the long wait time (avg 45min-1hr) but what Michelin start restaurant with reasonable pricing doesn't have a waitlist everyday? Glad to see them doing well.
4 We ordered so much food!!! The spicy chicken is indeed extremely spicy but also one of my favorite dishes. The duck, beef and dumplings were all so amazing.   Props and thanks to the staff for keeping up with our large party. The only downfall was that there were issues with our checks which I hope was an incidental situation
4 Wanted to like this place more, but it just didn't blow me away. The Szechuan style soft shell crab was unique, but not necessarily something I would come back just to have. The blossom fish AKA song shu yu is a Shanghainese staple, which I probably should not have ordered at a Szechuan restaurant, but it was rather below average. It may have been the worst song shu yu I've had before. For starters, the skin is not supposed to be on the fish. I think that's what made it weirdly soggy. The sauce was also not the classic red color and was a little too liquid-y in consistency. The sleeper hit was the sweet potato pancake. Overall, over-priced and not as good as the Chinese restaurants in Flushing.
5 Fast service, no wait, friendly staff with foods packed with flavor.  Super fast delivery of food!   Great food at a moderate cost. Really quaint atmosphere!  Highly recommend!
5 This is the only restaurant which gets Bang Bang Chicken right and I have come here multiple times to get my "fix".  Most other restaurants cheat by using peanut butter as a substitute for the correct ingredient of a tahini-like sesame sauce.  Café China uses the latter and I am in heaven.  I have scoured the world for a place that does Bang Bang Chicken right and I have finally found it!!!  My only headache is that it doesn't take reservations for any parties less than 8 people and the walk in wait times can exceed an hour.  That said, I'd also recommend the Sweet and Sour Baby Ribs which is also done correctly with Chinese Black Vinegar instead of the crappy red goo found in other restaurants.  This is a dish traditionally served to postpartum women to restore their reserves after giving birth and usually uses pork trotters as the main ingredient.  Since pork trotters would skeeve most Americans out, they substituted baby pork ribs which are cooked till the meat falls off the bone and the cartilage is soft instead.  Not thrilling for a traditionalist like me but I'll accept it.  Other dishes I'd recommend are the Mouth Watering Chicken, Pork with Garlic Dressing, Jellyfish in Scallion Pesto, Shredded Tripe in Chili Oil, Spicy Beef Tendon, Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil, Braised Pork Szechuan Style, Fried Rice with Shredded Duck, Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic and the Rice Wine Soup as dessert.  Meanwhile, I'm still working my way down their menu and hope to try every menu item as I do so.  I've been here multiple times with friends and haven't been disappointed yet with the cuisine.  It helps to come here off hours (e.g., late lunch or early dinner) to avoid the crowds but if you're here right around lunch or dinner, expect to wait an hour or more.
4 Made a reservation for 10 and good thing we did because it was packed on a Saturday night. The food and service were both solid. No real complains except as an avid Chinatown visitor, I did find the prices a little high for my go-to Chinese restaurants. However, it was a bigger space than some chinatown options and they took reservations so I recommend.  We went with a lot of dishes that were marked as popular on the menu. My favorite was the tea smoked duck- a generous portion and really flavorful with one of the best duck sauces I've had. The cold appetizers were all good- the five spice beef was pretty flavorless unless you dipped it generously in the spice bowl provided on the side. Be careful though because it was spicy. The dan dan noodles I think were not super memorable so maybe saved for another restaurant. I did like the spicy ness of the ma po tofu (more of a Szechuan flavor with the numbing spice), the flavor and melt-in-your-mouth double cooked pork, and the eggplant (SO so temperature hot though so definitely burned my mouth there).
5 So good! Omgoodness I know it was filled with MSG but soooo worth it. The dishes we ordered were are delicious.   What we ordered: Baby cucumbers (must get!)- garlicky and refreshing Mung bean noodles- the sauce from the noodles are addicting, it's spicy and oily but keeps you going back for more Fish with tofu (must try!)- spicy goodness, savory and sweet, no chewing needed. Each bite will melt in your mouth. Must get rice with this dish.  Snow peas with garlic- garlicky and delicious, the vegetable itself is sweet and crispy  Szchuan style eggplant (skip!)- it was simple and boring, steamed eggplants drenched in oil and soy sauce  Great service! Our waiters came to check up on us and filled our water without asking. Super attentive.
5 A little pricier than I would like,  but the quality is 100% worth it.    Amazing selection of hot and cold dishes along with an amazing selection of drinks.  I've been here twice,  tried 6 different dishes,  and EVERYTHING was amazing.  I am also vegetarian and happy I had options.  Cocktails also super delicious
4 My friend thinks Mapo tofu is the best she had in US, I'll reverse it but agree it's delicious. Love the duck tongue, great as snacks
5 YUMMMMMMM! I live in DC and haven't had excellent Chinese food in a while. Highly recommend Cafe China! I tried the vegetable potstickers, green beans, fish with tofu in chili sauce, and a tofu dish, and they were all scrumptious! Great all around.
5 Stepping through the velvet curtains into Café China felt like time traveling straight into the 1930s. The subtle jazz drifting through the restaurant and tiny dining tables made our meal cozy and inviting - not what you would expect from a Michelin star restaurant. Our early dinner was wonderful. We started with dan dan noodles and pork dumplings in chili oil. Both were full of flavor and we were only left wanting more. When our main dish came, we were not disappointed. The Kung Fu Shrimp was crispy, but not heavy, with roasted peanut treasures tossed in the mix of spicy peppers. The string beans were perfectly cooked and fresh, although nothing out of the ordinary. The rice was well done and extra yummy when mixed with the spices from the shrimp. We ended our meal with coconut sorbet, served right in a coconut shell. The sorbet was creamy and full of real coconut. Every server was kind and willing to do whatever they could to make our experience great. I highly recommend Café China. I will definitely be returning.
5 I visit NYC sometimes for work and my coworker brought me here last week and I wasn't craving Chinese, but he swore it was worth it. Incredible meal, to say the least. The place was packed but our food came out quick, the waitstaff was on point with the water refill (you need it!) and the chili oil is to die for.  I can't wait to visit NYC again just so I could go here. DELICIOUS.
5 Wow. I cannot say enough amazing things about this place. Everything is out-of-this-world delicious. We ordered six dishes and were blown away each time.  The decor is super cute and you almost feel like you're in someone's house, but it can get pretty noisy. There's a small bar to hang at as well.  The first time I went here there was a 45 minute wait on a Friday, but I then went on a Tuesday and it was only a 15 minute wait for two people. The service was spectacular. Our waiter was attentive and helpful when it came to the menu and suggestions. Our waters were always promptly refilled, which is important when eating spicy foods! Now, about the food. We ordered the tiger salad, the shrimp dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork dumplings, dan dan noodles, beef sauteed with pickled chili and the gelato/mochi dessert. (Wit ha side of hot oil for an extra kick) Everything was amazing and came out so fast! We were able to order multiple times as we realized how hungry we were and how good everything was. I have to highlight the dan dan noodles, which were my favorite. Everything is reasonably priced and the portions are a good size for sharing and sampling many dishes. Six to eight dumplings in an order was also generous for the price.  I highly highly recommend and can't wait to go back myself!
5 Stumbled upon this place last winter and every time I go I am more than pleased with everything.  The Dan dan noodles are a must, the service is good and efficient, and if you can deal with a lineup during peak hours it's worth the wait.
4 We've stopped in a few times for dinner and the service has been spotty. The food is delicious but portions are smaller than what we'd like, understand it's not the outerboroughs so it is what it is. Most of the time the waitstaff is always rushing around and its usually hard to get ahold of anyone because they're busy. If you come later in the afternoon there will be a wait time. We usually get 2 apps to share for 2 people and a main for each and it's more than enough food. We've also tried just getting apps to share and then adding rice for each of us because some of the dishes are so spicy. They rarely refill water on a timely basis though. The service can be improved but the food kept us coming back for some time.
5 Came here with my now ex-roommates as the last supper together. I chose this spot as a lot of my friends had high praise for this spot and none of us had tried it out yet.  They don't take any reservations, unless your party is over 6 people. You have to come in and put yourself on the waitlist. They do things very weird as I came in to put myself on the waitlist, hoping to know the wait time so I can remove myself and put myself back on the list as needed. They don't give you a time, just periodically ask you if your entire party is there. Once my party finally arrived, it was another half hour wait. I put myself on the list at 6:45pm and the entire party didn't show up until 8pm so this is not an efficient way to use the waitlist in my eyes.  We started off with two appetizers: Spicy Diced Rabbit and the Bang Bang Chicken. I'm telling you this right now, my favorite dish out of the entire experience was the Bang Bang Chicken. The flavoring was something I could not wrap my head around. The peanut sauce and sesame sauce really made me want to keep tasting the chicken, bite after bite after bite. The Spicy Diced Rabbit is good as well, if you don't mind dealing with the chopped up bones.  For entree, I got the Tea Smoked Duck. The taste is really good the first few bites. When I got to like the sixth piece, I started getting get sick of the taste, so this is something I'd recommend sharing with a group. I got to try some of my friends meal including the Fish Blossom, which I wished I ordered instead of my duck. The Braised Pork dish was very good as the pork is prepared exceptionally well. We split a bowl of Fried Rice with Shredded Duck which we all enjoyed.  Overall, I loved the experience. The food itself is a well earned One Michelin star. Waiting is a pain and the hostess can be a little rude, but I'd still give this place a try just to experience the amazing food that they serve.
4 When I first heard about China Cafe, I assumed it was a bubble tea place, then when hearing it did full sit down meals, assumed it was a odd misnomer given how many Korean BBQ and hot pot places dotted the street. Then I showed up, found they served some of the best Szechuan food in NY and had received a Michelin star to boot!  As opposed to other Chinese restaurants that are either shining chrome and steel or notably light in the frills, China Cafe manages to find a happy medium, setting a cozy restaurant with amenities that don't feel threadbare and worn (or worse, plastic tables). Getting a table can be a bit tricky, so we were very thankful when all we had to do was wait 15 minutes (when the stated time was a half hour - stick in there!)  As for food, we stuck to the Dan Dan Noodles, Tea Smoked Duck, and Spicy Cumin Lamb, as those were what seemed to be the most popular and well reviewed. And for good reason! Each dish was more flavorful than the next, with the highlight having to be the Spice Cumin Lamb - spicy without drowning in heat, flavorful with a touch of nuttiness from the cumin.
5 amazing food. highly recommend the cold noodles and the sweet potato pancakes, for dessert the rice. iced coffee was fine, ma po tofu was odd. service very fast but coffee took a while to come out. they didn't check in on us so it was hard to ask for coffee. coming back for sure!!
2 The spicy chicken (la zi ji) is totally different from what I saw in other reviews. Too dry, hard to chew, no meat, too much oil. Worst spicy chicken ever. The ginger sliced duck is hole style. And I like it.
5 I had the Spicy Soft Shell Crab and the Eggplant Szechuan Style. Both had a medium/spicy heat and while not as numbing as I expected, were both very delicious. I came as a solo guest and was seated at the bar, and the bartender gave me great service and made me feel at home. Thanks for the experience!
5 Favorite spot in midtown for  good Chinese, expect spice on most dishes and a wait for dinner.
5 This may be off the beaten path, do yourself a favor and book a reservation. It's worth it! It's crowded and popular with lots of local people who know good food.   Café China has almost a speakeasy feel, the bar is fully stocked and the menu with drink choices is unlike any Asian restaurant I've been to. Truly, the bartender  deserves a shoutout for his creativity. They all sounded amazing. And looked even better!!  Food: We started with soups, veggie dumplings, and gojiberry tea. The soup was light and big portions, enough to split. The tea was not your typical tea, loose and floating.  Not my fave.   Entrees: My daughter does not eat meat or spice, she had the Dan Dan Noodles, so they prepared them accordingly. They were really phenomenal. Spicy shredded beef, was not overly spicy just ridiculously flavorful. Don't let the name fool you. It was full of fresh, sliced crispy green peepers. In a light sauce. Not overly heavy. My husband ordered the three pepper chicken and I will not lie, we were intimidated with the amount of peppers sprinkled all over. It was mind blowing. Just the right amount of heat, I've never had better tasting chicken.  We also ordered fresh bok choy. It was served in a huge bowl with lots of fresh garlic.   Overall, you can't beat the ambiance here if you're looking for a spot for drinks with friends and crazy fresh, delicious food with really great service.
5 Café China is an antidote to midtown food. This is an altar of Szechuan food - every dish is boldly flavored and leaves you hungry for more. I feel lucky to be in such proximity to the restaurant to pop in for lunch every now and then. The interiors are lush with warm woods and low lantern setting, bustling with locals and visitors alike. Be prepared for a 45 min wait just around noon, and even longer in the evening.   The food is what really keeps me coming back, everything I have tried is fantastic - never had any complaints. Braised fish, cumin lamb, beef soup and dan dan noodles are some of my favorites. And if you're feeling extra spicy, the cocktails are expertly crafted and worth the price unlike so many other establishments in the area. I am a huge fan of this place and can't wait to try their sister restaurants.
3 You know at first i was thinking that it might be better for me to not leaving a review. Because i dont want the owner gives hardtime to other Chinese in the future. But you know i just did not think it is fair to say that this is the best chinese restaurant in New York. it is not. To me it stand between the real chinese food and Americanized Chinese food. Ok there were two reasons that bought us there today one is that there has one Michelin star and not much Chinese restaurants have that. Second because 郭杰瑞 said so... Right i listened to an American internet influencer's advice about an Chinese restaurant. I real want @him to ask what is going on...
5 We have been looking for an awesome spicy Szechuan Chinese restaurant in Manhattan since my husband has grown tired of his favorite of all time Han Dynasty. This restaurant was an unexpected surprise given its unassuming location. The food came out hot and fast and was yummy spicy. The staff is very fast and it doesn't seem like a place you should linger. We had the kung pao chicken, cumin lamb and Dan Dan noodles. All were great but the Kung pao was outstanding.  Can't wait to return to try more!!
4 I went with my friends on Wed night. Waiting for almost one hour in the wind. Reservation is important.
5 This restaurant is just amazing, the dan dan noodles is the best i have ever had. Went for my birthday 12/29 and will be back 01/05.
5 Cafe China is legendary. What else can be said?  1. Finally, a place with delicious, authentic Sichuanese food that also has good service and a nice dining environment. Decor looks Old Shanghai, dishes are presented well. This place is both authentic enough for friends from China who are picky about Sichuanese and nice enough for business dinners! 2. Great cocktail menu 3. Did I mention the food? It is MOST DELICIOUS across everywhere I've tried both in the US and Sichuan. Therefore, it's the BEST Sichuanese IN THE WORLD. !!!!111  Favorites: fish and tofu, double cooked pork with smoked tofu, three pepper chicken, kung pao shrimp, string beans. I've tried probably 15 things from the menu and basically all have been great.  This used to be part of my weekly rotation. Now that I've moved to SF Bay area, nothing here compares, and my Sichuanese happiness frequency has declined from once a week to 0. Sadness.
5 This is a cozy restaurant. We went there at night time, and is located on a less travelled side street, but it was well worth the walk. We waited 10 minutes to get seated. Service was good and attentive. We had crystal shrimp dumplings and won ton soup for appetizers. They were delicious. For the main course we had the fried chicken with duck, Kung pao chicken, and Dan Dan noodles. Everything was amazing!!! We will be back next time we're in Manhattan!!!
5 I work right next door to this place and they are always packed and lines outside. I have to say that both times I have ordered take away it has been very satisfactory. The special rice was very delicious, peanut chicken very flavorful! And the pancakes delicious a must try!
5 We stopped here for some food and were blown away by how good it was.  The shrimp dumplings were LEGIT and the spiced cumin lamb was the best i had ever had.   Go try it !!!!!
5 Cafe China is pretty much the best Chinese food in New York (including Flushing... shots fired). Cafe China serves relatively authentic Sichuan food and was Michelin starred up until this year. The owners of Cafe China have another restaurant called China Bleu which serves Shanghai-focused cuisine.  Having tried a fair amount of restaurants in both Chinatown NYC and Flushing, Cafe China is still my top pick for Chinese food. The food quality is better than what you'll find in Flushing and the preparation style is much more authentic Sichuan than Chinatown NYC (which is all mostly Shanghai style). The food is not quite 100% authentic Sichuan, so expectations should be tempered accordingly (that said, Cafe China got an "acceptable" rating from my Sichuan parents, which is about as good as it's going to get).  Waits for dinner are typically very long (talking 1:30hr plus). However, there is almost never a wait for lunch. Highly recommend bringing a few friends along and trying Cafe China out.
4 Came here on a Sunday about 20 minutes before they were closing and they told us we have a minute or two to order.  Started with the jasmine tea, which was very much needed because it was so cold outside.   If you like Indo-Chinese food (Indian Chinese), you will love the food here.  I and my friend decided to share their famous Ma Po tofu, Pork dumplings in chili oil, kung pao chicken and fried rice. Definitely recommend the tofu and chicken- it can be spicy if your spice tolerance is low. However, the dumplings were average- I have had better!  The service is super quick- took them maybe 5 minutes to get our food ready.  Also we had a lot of leftovers- definitely could have shared all that between 3 people easily.  I will definitely go back to try other items on the menu.
1 Walked all the way to Cafe China in the cold because their website said last seating was at 10:15pm. Our party got there even before 10pm and the staff at the front told us the kitchen was closed - and they even got nasty about it when we pointed out the website said 10:15pm last seating. I get that sometimes you're going to want to shut down early but if so, then don't publish a last seating time on the website. Just total lack of respect for the customer. I don't care how good your food might be if you treat people like this.  I'm editing this review to add - I appreciate the response from the restaurant, but just to be clear, this was last week. Nothing to do with the holidays.
5 Hands down some of the best Chinese food I've had in the city! We went with a large party and ordered a lot of food to eat family style. Everything was cooked to perfection. They have a few vegetarian options, my favorite being the Ma Po Tofu and the bok choi. Other favorites in the group included the pot stickers, wontons, Kung Pao chicken, and duck fried rice. The food was very flavorful and doesn't feel heavy or greasy! It had a good level of spice too-- definitely wasn't too spicy but you felt a nice tingle as you ate more. Portions weren't extremely large, so we had multiple orders for most of the food. Despite our large group, the service was very good and things arrived quickly when they were prepared, so the food was piping hot when it came to the table. The restaurant is small/dark and we definitely felt cramped, but I will definitely be back again!
5 I love this place - both for eating there as well taking out. I never had any bad experiences so far!  My favorite is the Cumin Lamb, spicy (maybe a bit on the extreme side for me), but a must, every time!!  Only caveat is that price-wise the place is rather on the high side.  I would go back, any time!
4 I typically don't go out to eat at Chinese restaurants as they're mostly just ok.  Perfect for takeout, but not a sit down restaurant.   I was surprisingly very surprised with Cafe China.   Dishes were flavorful and if you like spicy this is the place.   My table ordered several dishes from crispy spicy chicken to spicy tofu.   All was pure delicious.   Warning:   This is spicy.   And I love spicy.   Just be prepared for that.   Service was great.   My newfound favorite go-to Chinese restaurant.
1 My $17 entree with probably 6 (1inch) pieces of chicken, waste of money, terrible takeout
5 This place has the best Mapo tofu! They don't have many vegetarian options but I've been there like 15 times and I always get the same dish and I'm very happy with it, I can eat it all the time!   This place is always packed and there is always a wait to get a table but it's totally worth it. I love the decor inside as well. Such a cool spot. Definitely check it out if you are in NYC.   IG- @traveleen_gurl
4 Pork dumplings in chili oil were amazing, so was the kung pao, eggplant in garlic was disappointing though... too oily not crisp enough...
5 Some of the best Chinese food Manhattan has to offer.  Absolutely amazing.  Does not look like much from the outside... but don't let that fool you.    I'm lucky I live a mile away.  If I was close... I would be there multiple times a week.
5 I've been searching for this spicy peppercorn Szechuan dish I've had in Hong Kong and this is the closest I've been able to find in NYC.  Have been here multiple times. Definitely worth coming as a larger group (especially since they have a great corkage policy), and with a group of 8 or more you can actually make a reservation (otherwise you're looking at about an hour for a Fri or Sat night for 2-4 ppl).  The Whole Fish is excellent. The Shrimp was definitely one of the favorites for the group and the veggies are all excellent. But to me the spicy pepper chicken is knockout and still my favorite.
3 For a midtown restaurant to get together with friends  Cafe China is just fine enough. A small and bustling establishment full of energy they were able to accommodate our  party of 6 with not too much wait. The service was friendly and efficient. Non of our dishes tasted bad or had major issues in fact I thoroughly enjoyed the  lamb dish. However there was just something lacking in the dishes that would have them tasting  truly authentic Chinese.
5 Cafe China very quickly made its way to becoming one of my favorite restaurants, and a spot that I try to go to at least once a month. Now, it doesn't always work out that way due to how crowded it can get especially during peak times, but I certainly make the effort to stop by.  Every single time, the food is amazing. Granted, I've only ever ordered the mapo tofu. Each time I come I keep telling myself that I'll branch out because they have so many other things that look delicious, but no. I love that mapo tofu so much I can't bring myself not to order it. It's fantastic and easily the best mapo tofu I've ever had, hands down.  The drinks are great here too. My usual is the Paper Moon. The one time I sat at the bar, the bartender was super friendly and talkative even though the bar was crowded. He mixed the drinks quickly and still entertained everyone at the bar with conversation.  For a Michelin star restaurant, the prices are incredibly reasonable too. I could recommend this place all day.
5 This place gets busy early for lunch so get there before Noon for a table. The food is excellent and the portions are large! Service is quick and in midtown-lunch fashion they try to get you in and out as quickly as possible. It's a bit tight space wise, it feels like they're trying to pack people in but that's OK, because otherwise folks might have to wait.
1 Food is okay (3 or 4). My rating is for the service. My friend and I were there for dinner on Wed Dec 4th. Waiters kept coming to ask "did you finish?", even when all three dishes are half left. It is too rude to interrupt other's conversation in that way, and more than ten times for one dinner?! We don't blame these waiters. They were surely instructed by the owner. So bad.  Will never come back again. Chinese restaurant is getting more competitive in recent years. So many great new szechuan or hotpot places in midtown and downtown. Just competing with them by your Wong Kar-Wai style decor? no way.
5 Get Chungking chicken Fish blossom Goji berry tea String beans Fried rice  Skip Mapo tofu
5 We went here tonight for an early dinner at 4:50, and we had no trouble finding a table. We were seated right away, although there were a surprising number of customers eating for such an early time.   We started with crystal shrimp dumplings ($10), my favorite, which we order at almost every chinese restaurant. These are one of my favorites in New York. The shrimp tastes fresh and the wrapping is not too thick or chewy.   We also had the silkie chicken soup ($16), which we didn't enjoy that much. The broth was flavorful, but there was very little bamboo mushroom, and the chicken was dry, hard to eat because of the bones, and was a majority skin. Next time I would order other dim sum instead of the soup, or try another of the soups on the menu.   We ordered the spicy baked whole fish ($26), which might be one of my favorite whole fish to order in NY. It has four chilies, meaning it is one of the spiciest dishes on the menu, but it wasn't overly spicy in my opinion. It has great flavor and the bamboo shoot goes well with the fish!   My bf got the chungking spicy chicken ($16). This is supposedly the same spice level as the baked fish, but definitely seemed hotter.   Also, it was a little strange that we only received one small bowl of rice to share.
5 Just the best. My absolute favorite restaurant in all of NYC! The Kung Fu shrimp is to die for (the fried peppers...my oh my, I have dreams about this dish!). The dan dan noodles are addicting and bursting with a nutty umami flavor, the vegetables are always perfectly cooked and gently seasoned, and the fragrant fish is delicate and floral and melt-in-your-mouth. The cocktails are similarly delicious. Of course, the wait is always long so prepare accordingly; there are nearby bars you can go to while you wait to be texted. The waiters are attentive and courteous. The prices are a little steep but fair. I can't wait to go back again soon!
5 We had a 20 minute waiting time which went by quick! Inside everyone was organized, clean and very professional! The food came out FAST. Very delicious and authentic Chinese food
4 We were here on a weekend for lunch. Had to wait for 30 minutes to get seated. We got mouth watering chicken, pot stickers and pork belly entree. The chicken was good, the sauce inthe chicken tasted flavorful. The pot stickers was ok, the pot stickers of han dynasty is soooo much better. The pork belly entree was ok. The service was really good. Will be back to try other foods.
1 Very bad food! It seems it was already made and she gave me in 5secs of my order. Horrible taste and rotten quality.
5 One of the best Chineese restaurants in the city in my opinion. Very delicious food and if you like spicy - that's definitely some food to try. I really have nothing negative to say. Try some shtimp dishes. Their shrimp is extremely good.
5 Went on a Saturday night at around 7. Wait was 70-80 minutes so we got a drink and came back. There was a mix up with our table so we had to wait another 15 minutes. Hostess was very apologetic (we didn't mind too much) and we were eventually seated. We ordered wine, pork belly, eggplant, dumplings, cold pork appetizer, and ma po tofu. Everything was absolutely delicious - we all raved about the eggplant, pork belly, and tofu in particular.  The restaurant kindly comped our dessert because of the long wait (didn't ask) and brought out candles for the birthday person. Overall great birthday dinner experience. Service here was excellent and the food was good as always. If you go during a busy time just be ready to go around the corner for a drink to wait.
5 Excellent quality Chinese food.  I've been here in large and small groups and quality has been consistent.  I would recommend going back but only if you have a reservation, otherwise it's a waste of time.
1 Very cute place in a great location but not at all what I was excepting nor did I like the food.  One of the items was the chicken soup and it was full of bones and weird black pieces from the chicken... kinda slimy texture to the black chicken that looks more like it came from a pigeon.  I couldn't stomach any of the items we ordered, terrible taste and not appealing to the eye. I've eaten at lots of Michelin star restaurants and very confused how this caught their attention.  I love food very much and am open minded to eating food from different cultures but this just didn't do it for me.
3 We ordered dumplings...nothing special. The Kung pao chicken was good but not exceptional. The cumin lamb was awful -  thin slices of lamb with cumin powder coating. It was dry and no one at the table liked it.  The garlic egglpant was wonderful- best dish we ordered.    The place was small and crowded. They don't take reservations for parties under 4. Won't be going back there.  There are much more comfortable places with better food in NYC.
4 Was ok. We got in on a Sunday with just of a little wait but then there were plenty of empty tables. Food was very good but not to the point that I would wait 30 minutes to be seated and the portions are small. Service was, pretty rushed. Not worth the price
5 Best wanton soup I ever had!!! Worth the $8. Clean broth ... not too salty but extremely tasty! Wantons are light and delicious
5 A long wait but worth it! We waited an hour and fifteen minutes but it is 100% worth it. My favorites are the kung pao chicken, lychee martini (I drink it as it is a main....) and the tea smoked duck. Love a great duck!
5 My wife and I went there for an early dinner after a Broadway show. We started with vegetable pot stickers, pork dumplings, and wonton soup.   We then had the fried rice with smoked duck and sauteed sole with vegetables. All of the food was excellent.  The service was very good. My wife kept saying how good it was and how it was different from the  (Americanized) Chinese restaurants back home. I think it is very authentic. I would defintely recommend them.
3 I love a good schezwan Chinese place but not sure this place is that good for the money you pay and the hype that is. I have been to tinier and much smaller places than this which serves way better schezwan Chinese food! Disclaimer: this review is only for the vegetarian food which I ordered, although their three pepper chicken did smell delicious. They do take reservations for lunch through yelp for party of 3 or more and for party of 4 or more for dinner.   I went with my friend and we ordered Mapo tofu, bok choy with garlic, three pepper chicken and spring roll for appetizer. The Mapo tofu was a lil bit oily for my liking and also not awesome in taste as I had at other places. Bok choy was ok as i kinda felt it was too dry and less watery. Three pepper chicken was really good according to my friend and did give that spicy after flavor. Spring rolls were good but not sure why they gave us only 2 rolls  in a plate when we ordered as part of two separate orders.   Would think before coming back as this is not one of my favorite Chinese restaurant and have been to better ones closer to work!
5 The kind of food that makes me wish I could eat forever. Loved everything we ordered here! Cumin lamb, twice cooked pork, sour fish, cold noodles, spicy shrimp, spicy chicken, etc etc. Everything is served super quickly.   Be prepared to wait, though :-)
1 I spent $27 for Chungking Braised Fish Stew, when I brought it to home and found only 4-5 small pieces of fish meat in it. Other was just water! Tried to call their office several times, never had somebody answering the phone. The worst restaurant experience I ever had!
2 Ordered take out. Flavor is subpar compared to any run of the mill Szechuan restaurant even for the simplest of dishes.  Even items were missing...  Simply sad.
5 Amazing all the time.  Great service! Duck fried rice is fantastic.  Bartenders and Host always friendly and fast
5 Worth you money, one of the best Asian food in town, no doubt! If you haven't try any Asian food, it's one of the must come place for you
5 Absolutely INCREDIBLE ASIAN FOOD!!! You cannot go wrong here. Food is fresh, delicious and the place is always PACKED. Expect to wait for a table, but totally worth it!!
4 Cafe China fills a void in the restaurant scene - it serves authentic Chinese food outside of Chinatown, offers cocktails/wine, and provides a sleek ambiance!  While it's sad they lost their Michelin star this year, they still serve solid, flavorful food. As expected with Sichuan cuisine, the Sichuan peppercorn makes a recurring appearance.The dan dan noodles are great but pretty darn spicy (moreso I think than at other places). The mapo tofu was packed with flavor, and obviously very spicy, as to be expected. The pork dumplings in chili oil were delicious as well. Two of us split one entree, the braised fish stew (white style), which was filled with tender fish and silky broth. I definitely recommend this entree.  There's almost always a wait but it's not too bad so don't let that scare you off. Given the location, you're paying more than you would in Chinatown, but all in all the food is still worth it I think!
4 Found this spot from Yelp, walked here from our hotel. Didn't know they were awarded a Michelin Star since 2013-2019, they lost their star as of October 21, 2019.   Regardless, the place was half full, I came in in the mid afternoon. Small spot but warm, greeted nicely, water filled without asking, the server explained and recommended some dishes for us too.  A Choy veggie dish was good, nicely steamed and mixed with light garlic oil sauce.  Pork dumplings in chili garlic sauce was good.  Mung Bean Jelly noodle-like served cold was a nice dish too.  Wonton Soup was solid. I asked to buy extra broth, the server said they can't do it. I'm a bit surprised.   Spicy chicken dish was dried. I know it's a deep fried dish. But it was too rich for my taste. Left my tongue tingling for awhile. The only dish that I left 2/3 of the plate.   Very well priced, smaller dishes to share, it's a nice way to order more dishes to share with your guests.  They have a great IG profile, check it out and you can ask them questions there. They are good with communication. I appreciate that.  I'll return to try other dishes next time I'm in town.
4 Another visit to Cafe China. Came on a Wednesday, wait time was 45 minutes. We ordered:  1. Vietnamese Coffee. You can ask them to keep the coffee and the condensed milk separated so you can put in however much you like. This is a nice feature if you want to control the amount of sugar you consume.   2. Mung Bean Jelly. This dish was supposed to be spicy, but I didn't really feel it. The dish is fairly inexpensive, but the portion is also really small.   3. Chunking Braised Fish Stew. the main dish of the night, the braised fish I thought was pretty good. similar to other dishes, this thing was really not that spicy either.   4. Silkie Chicken Soup. pretty good chicken soup! Probably enough soup for three people.  5. Crystal Shrimp Dumplings. this is an item that I wouldn't typically get at a restaurant like this because it's more of a morning item, but... these were perfectly fine. Tasted like shrimp dumplings at any other restaurant.   One thing I opted not to order were the rice wine soup on account of finding out that they (the balls specifically) are purchased from outside and not made in house. I don't think this is a huge problem, but I was hoping that it was made in house, so it was a little disappointing  I will say that I didn't think this visit was as good as my last one, but still I enjoyed my trip overall, and look forward to trying more dishes.
5 You know one of those places that you thought we didn't like it much and keeps you up at night? We had Dan Dan, Braised Fish Filet with Tofu, and Chungking Spicy Chicken during the recent trip to NYC and we already added this place into our next must-visit list.    Delicious. Full of kicks. No MSG.   I am weak on spices but their spices somehow doesn't upset my stomach.
5 I think this might be the best chinese food I've had in America. To make reservations, go through yelp but you can only do it for parties of 4 or over.   The star of the show is the chili oil dumplings. The pork flavor was intense and so perfectly spiced. The chili oil was like a mild, slightly sweet highlight that brought out the flavor of the dumpling. We ended up ordering 2 extra portions after eating the first one.   The tea smoked duck was exceptionally tender. Slightly tea flavored with a delicate, crisp outside- we liked this dish as well.   Cumin lamb was also pretty good- the cumin flavor isn't as strong but the meat was also very tender.  Dan Dan noodles were actually quite a letdown- they were kind of bland and nothing stood out.   Fish blossom was saucy with a sweet tang. The presentation was beautiful, but it was a bit too sweet for my liking.   The pork was very tender but honestly not that flavorful. I think the pickled mustard is Mei Cai, which is a special Chinese vegetable.   The spicy chicken was actually quite a fun dish. It was the most mala of all the dishes- after eating half a plate my mouth started tingling. While it was a bit salty, it still satisfied my fried chicken craving.   FYI they charge $10 for a large bowl of rice. Overall quick service and delicious food- would definitely return. The quality of ingredients stood out the most, while the tried and true Chinese recipes bring out the best flavors.
4 almost all the dishes which we ordered was tasted excellent. it's Chinese Sichuan style cuisines. it's worth to have a try.  i will definitely go there next time.
5 So far my favorite Chinese food in NYC.  The place is good because it has a perfect balance among salt, sweet, warm, cold, portion and appearance.  This is very hard to reach for Sichuan food, which emphasizes on spiciness a lot.
5 Came here for a light lunch.  The decor and ambience is great, with a casual but elegant vintage feel.  Service was fast and friendly. The food: The Chengdu dumplings took me right back to those I had IN Chengdu.  Just the right kind of heat from the chili oil, the kind that makes my lips go a little numb but doesn't obliterate my tastebuds for the delicious filling. I liked everything about them.  I'd also recommend the Bang Bang Chicken and I liked the way their peanut element went with the light vinaigrette of the Cold Szechuan noodles. I'd skip the scallion pancake - mine was kinda flat and dense.  Hint: to cool down your mouth after all that spice, try the coconut sorbet.  It's wonderfully rich and flavorful.
5 Delicious food, full of flavors. I couldn't believe my taste buds today when I tasted the vegetable pot stickers, the  King Fu Prawns and my husband's Braised Fish filets with Tofu. Each of those with its own symphony of spices. No wonder, the restaurant had a Michelin star, as we learnt there.  Service is fast, the place is simple.   Top NYC restaurant, in my humble opinion.
2 We did a delivery order for more than 10 people fro our office, service fee , over 20% tips and delivery fee all were included. we had included our notes with each person's order. Restaurant staff didn't pay any attention to what was on the order, they made how they wanted it plus they gave us two pkts of soy sauce and two hot sauce and order was for 10 people for over $150. when i called they said, per order regardless of how many dishes you order we will only give two pkts of condiments. I could not believe that this is what they are telling their customer who is giving them so much business. when i called back to talk to manager, they made me hold and then hung up. will never again order for my office from this place. Food was also not that great.
2 I've been told this supposed to be the best Chinese food in Manhattan. Great expectation became great disappointment. This dark packed small restaurant wasn't what the glory of the Michelin Star once shine upon.  The food: in comparison to most Americanized Chinese restaurants, their food flavor was acceptable. I wouldn't say this is real SiChuan style, because it's far from authentic, it's just water downed version of SiChuan flavor. The Mung bean noodles was way too soft, hard to pickup with chopsticks, way too sweet for my taste, failed. The Tea-smoked duck was just ok, nothing like the Real thing from the motherland, just average smoke flavor, no crispy skin, disappointing. The eggplant in garlic sauce was pretty good, pretty standard, acceptable. Wonton soup was laughable, no flavor no thing, just a plain meat ball rush into the wonton wrap. The brown rice was the Epic Fail of all: way too hard, some part wasn't evenly cooked. What kind of Michelin Star restaurant DOESN'T KNOW HOW TO MAKE BRIWN RICE?! Service: waiter came in about 10 mins after we were seated, some food came in about 15 mins, the rest came within half hour. Not in peak lunch hour.  Overall: Not in good value. The food taste without souls and effects. If it's a no-name Mom & Pa place, I would say it was acceptable. But since it's in Manhattan, it's NYC, this kind of food really doesn't meet the standard food culture here. Don't get fooled by the pictures and past reviews. This place doesn't feel like it has the integrity to hold any Michelin Star (Seriously wonder how did they get there at the first place). At least they need to take the job more seriously.
4 Very oily, but it's my go-to for MSG-free Chinese food that has good quality meat in New York's Midtown area
4 I have to qualify my review by saying I haven't had this kind of authentic Chinese food before. All dishes except for the stir fried veg were new to me. I'm rating the food on how it tasted to me plain and simple.   Service was very good. Really fast and efficient.   Food was solid but not as good as expected with them having a Michelin star and all. We ordered:  Dan-dan noodles: Sauce has an odd creamy texture and is generally under seasoned. The minced pork is nice and salty. More of it would help the dish quite a bit. Noodles seemed too soft/overcooked but maybe that's how it's supposed to be. 5.8/10  Braised Pork: Pork has nice tender texture. Flavor is basically salty with some sour from the pickled veg underneath. Solid dish and maybe great for someone who has had it elsewhere. To me it was just solid. 7.6/10  Chungking Chicken: Described as "extremely spicy" by the waiter. It was not hot spicy but more numbing spicy. I had to eat it sparingly as the numbing sensation is strong. Another reviewer mentioned it tasted like fruit loops to him. Totally agree. Not sure what spice it is. Apart from that the chicken is crispy and well seasoned. It tastes really good for the first few seconds until the excess spices and numbing pepper kick in. If simplified this would be a great dish. 7.0/10  Stir Fried Chinese Broccoli: I have had this before. I've had better, but also worse. Pretty well seasoned and generally a safe dish. 7.2/10  I went into this restaurant hungry which if anything should have inflated the score. Maybe expectations were too high because of the Michelin star. Either way it is solid food that is worth a try but considering price and overall experience I probably wouldn't go back. If I did I would try some safer items like dumplings and kung pao chicken. I'd like to give a 3.5 star rating if I could. But maybe I'm just a fat American with a low tier pallet so I can't see the greatness of this food.
4 If you want to impress someone by taking them out to a Michelin stared restaurant and paying for them and not feeling guilty for coming here, because you just spent about $50 for two...in NYC!!! Now, I've been here a few times and the service can be less than friendly...before I get a table. As soon as I get it (or if!) the service is 5-stars. You can trust waiters with recommendations here. Although their green tea smoked duck is amazing, there are many items on their menu that are very good. If you like spicy order anything and it will come with peanuts and the hottest chili sauce ever!  However, the biggest surprise for me was their desert menu: a soup that is not a soup but ...why don't you try! I lived in HK, but Cantonese or mandarin cousin still lack flavor in comparison to this place.
4 Very nice place. Always crowd and it's very difficult to get a table if you don't wait 45 minutes at least. I been here several times and the food is very good. The staff is friendly. The place is small but cute The dishes are not super big but honestly very delicious.  I recommend this place
4 Cafe China was on my list for a while and finally got the opportunity to come for a work lunch. Spicy but good. We ordered a lot of dishes family style. While I wasn't blown away, it was all very good. And spicy. Definitely make a reservation as it was packed. Service was quick and friendly.
4 Wanted to try while we were in NYC- my husband and I met up with my cousin to take her to dinner. The food was awesome, but the service was just ok. I would expect a Michelin star restaurant to have superb service as well.   Our table took a little longer than the hostess expected (no problem- it's a popular restaurant), but she mentioned we could get a drink at the bar. We tried. In the 15 additional minutes we waited at the bar, the only acknowledgement we got from the bartender was to have him (rudely) ask my cousin to move her phone out of his way. It's a little awkward as a customer to be literally told you are in the way - especially when you don't even get a chance to order a drink at the same time. Nothing after that was specifically bad, but kind of didn't set a great tone.    New York is full of outstanding food, so it's probably unwise to make guests feel awkward before they are even seated.
2 Really unclear to me what the hype is here...  Luckily we were able to get walk-in bar seating on a Friday night. Otherwise, we would have been on a 75 person waiting list (what?!).   We ordered the spicy soft shell crab (3.5/5), cumin lamb (2/5), and pork noodles (1/5). None of the dishes were authentic. The spicy crab was decent, although the crab didn't taste fresh imo, the lamb was very tough and hard to chew, the pork noodles tasted so SO bland, possibly some of the least flavorful noodles I've ever had (I pretty much drowned the noodles with their hot chili oil, just so there'd be SOME flavor...)  Wouldn't come back, and would veto their Michelin star.
5 Do you want delicious food? Then definitely come here. Everything we ordered was amazing, service was fast, wait staff were all wonderful. The wait was the longest (and hardest) part of the whole experience. Be prepared to wait, but it'll be worth it.
5 Great food and excellent service... The 1 star holds good for this place. We enjoyed the rabbit and jelly bean the most but other dishes were good too.
5 Just happened to be walking in midtown looking for a lunch spot and noticed that his Chinese place had a Michelin star. Of course I had to stop in and check it out. I had the Chungking Spicy Chicken and was warned that it was hot. Wow! I still can't fell my lips. Even with the heat, the flavor was fantastic. Some of the best Chinese I've ever had. But that wasn't the end. for dessert I had the rice pudding. The taste and consistency of the sticky rice was excellent! I now see why it got a Michelin star. It is a hidden gem on 37th street. I highly recommend a visit.
4 Hmm schezuan peppercorn as a theme , delightfully not very salt heavy and happily missing MSG  Crystal shrimp dumplings steamed - the best I've ever had ( off the dim sum menu)   Kung fu shrimp - my favorite   Jellyfish in pesto - unique and inoffensive ( given how it's jellyfish )  Szechuan style eggplant - fresh and spicy   Fragrant fish - peanut base, well done  Red curry - with Dover ( not tilapia )   Sweet potato pancakes ( off the dim sum menu)   Desserts : fail - the reason I docked the one star  Got the lotus flower soup; for the first time in the history of me: didn't finish it   Teas: good authentic selection and a nice top off to the meal   They were out of lobster that day but will be back next time I'm craving that signature funny numbness of the tongue that this peppercorn brings about   Will be back - great for an evening with friends for great Chinese food and chill ambience , but beware - it can get LOUD and there's always at least a 30 min wait ; they don't take reservations
5 I ate here with my boyfriend, we tried the jellyfish, rabbit, and duck tongue because we like to take risks. I recommend the wontons and dan dan noodles. We also had a lychee drink that was really good and they didnt give us a straw because they care about the environment. We will be coming back and ordering one of everything on the menu.
5 Ordered their pork potstickers, Three pepper chicken and Double cooked pork! All were delicious and the Three Pepper Chicken was super spicy! Will definitely come back!
5 My all time favorite dim sum joint, particularly because of the Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil. I wish I had the words to describe the flavor! So good! Highly recommend this place in New York, and it's ridiculously cheap!
4 Cute decor, popular Sichuan restaurant. Shared a table with 2 other parties at peak time, which wasn't a problem because I'd rather be seated right away. The cocktail menu looked enticing with lychee and all. The dishes are typical Sichuan, delicious, oily, spicy.   Husband & Wife appetizer is a cold dish with slice of beef and tripe bathing in chili oil and sesame seeds among other spices.   Mung bean noodles are cooling, light cold appetizer also in chili oil.   None of these are crazy spicy; I found the spicy level to be tolerable and tasty!  Eggplant or pork in garlic sauce is spicy yet sweet. It's the same sauce but different base.   Dan Dan noodles weren't as impressive as they looked, to me.
2 We had high expectations before coming here. What a disappointment! We ordered the spicy chicken and spicy lamb. The chicken was okay but the lamb was SOOOO salty. Believe me I know my Szechuan food. When we asked about it we were told it was exactly the right amount of salt; otherwise it would be no taste at all. We kindly asked to return the dish at the end. Don't understand the hype around this Michelin restaurant but won't try it again for sure.
5 My friend said this is a must try place and totally agree. We didn't have to wait long and the service was good. We tried the multiple dishes and the one that I love the most was Spicy Chengdu Winton. The sauce for the wonton was amazing, speechless. I mixed with my bowl of rice and finished in like seconds. It was sooo good! They also had great service. Way way better than many Chinese restaurants.   Also, this restaurant have been receiving the Michelin 1-star for many years now, since 2013. Give this place a try if you haven't done so.
4 Yummy food. Came on a Tuesday night at 6:45. Was quoted a 45 min wait for 3 but only waited 20 mins. The duck fried rice was amazing and I'm not a carb person. The fish blossom was delicious too. My fav chongqing chicken or la zhi ji was ok. It was crispy but could be more tender. Also there weren't many pieces and we had to mine for the chicken under the sea of red chili peppers (though still more chicken than at Hutong). The beef with green chili was a good rendition but not my fav dish in general. One thing to note the food was not that spicy (for Szechuan). Will return.
5 Authentic, clean and consistent.  It place is busy, but the food is solid.  It is a tad expensive, but by far one of the cheapest Michelin starred places I've been to.
5 One of the best Chinese food in midtown area. I have been there several times, probably will come in the future. We stopped by during a Monday night. Even though on Monday, it's still pretty crowded and waiting time is around 30mins. We ordered sichuan wonton, Kung pao chicken, and fish, all of which are pretty good.
4 Crazy.  The food was amazing, the service was frantic, there is no atmosphere at all.  Great lunch specials.  Very cheap and fun.  Would return for sure.
4 Ordered on Seamless on a weekday for lunch as I was craving soup and dumplings!! Went with the wonton soup app and pork potstickers. Both were awesome. The wonton soup was for sure the best I've ever had. The potstickers were delicious too and would have been ever better right at the table/not for delivery. Want to try some of the noodle and fried rice dishes too :)
5 As good as it gets for spicy Chinese anywhere!!!!! Fifth time there this week, and consistently excellent. Very few Chinese restaurants have me regretting I didn't order 7 to eight other things on the menu.
5 Definitely one of the best Chinese restaurant that I have been to. For a Michelin star restaurant, the price is really affordable, the service and food amazing!
4 The food was fantastic. Best hot and sour soup I've ever had and the duck fried rice is out of this world. We were there at lunchtime and it was a mad house. In addition to a full dining room, they were doing a BIG volume of carryout and delivery. This is not the place for a quiet or leisurely lunch.
3 Got in the waiting line. When it's finally out turn we were asked to sit at the bar and the group of 4 came way after got the table. Food was ok. Comparing to the new Szechuan restaurants in NYC, I don't think they are competitive anymore, price and quality of food wise.
4 Flavorful and a relish of decent Chinese food. However, the Michelin star is a bit overrated.
2 I was craving Szechuan food and I managed to convince my friends to travel to midtown for what I promised would be a really good Szechuan restaurant in Midtown Manhattan based on Yelp reviews and what acquaintances have told me. It was honestly disappointing, to say the least.  We did a family style dinner and ordered the husband and wife special, mapo tofu, chungking spicy chicken, and sauteed string beans. Honestly, the biggest complaint from us is that everything was SO salty. I felt like I needed to drink 5 gallons of water to compensate for all of the salt. Everything (especially the husband and wife special) was drenched in the sauce. The mapo tofu didn't taste very fresh, which was disappointing because that tends to be one of my favorite dishes. Overall - pretty disappointed in the food and don't think I'll be coming back especially with better Szechuan restaurants in town.
1 Response to Ruigang: We came to your restaurant with two of our closest friends and their 1-year old. Like many parents can attest, you have to pack a small lunch for your baby, in particular because they have VERY specific tastes and they often can't wait for a meal to come out of the kitchen. I've NEVER witnessed a restaurant denying a parent from feeding a 1-year old. Ever. On this day, your manager who clearly has no empathy and no experience with how difficult it is to raise a baby came and told us that we would have to leave if we didnt also order an entrée for the baby. I do not know how you could possibly justify this. Honestly shame on your restaurant and their training.   Also Im glad that you marked this review as funny. Just goes to show how important the experience is at your restaurant. And as you so eloquently pointed out, nothing on your menu is $5. We had 4 adults ordering food, appetizers, drinks. And tjat wasnt enough for you. You need to put 4 customers into a terrible experience for what? To make an extra $12?
5 Café China has great Sichuan cuisine and a good selection of cocktails. It's a great date night spot or for a get together with friends. Their two other locations Birds of a Feather (in Williamsburg, Brooklyn) for Sichuan food, and China Blue (in lower Manhattan) for Shanghainese food are also very good and worth a visit!
2 Meh, it's okay. The service is great and refined but the food is mediocre for the high prices.  Dan Dan noodles were good. 3 pepper chicken okay but way too much pepper to chicken ratio. The chicken bits were too small and oily Sticky rice was with rib was bland and favorless  Michelin star??? What?! I gave this place 3 stars for the average food. If it's considered Michelin star quality, then this place deserves 1 star. Who gave this place a Michelin award? Has this person only eaten Chinese food at strip malls in the suburbs? I mean 1/4 of the places in Chinatown have better food than Cafe China
5 Great food. One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in nyc. Consistently good. They deserve the Michelin star.
5 Easily one of my favorite Szechuan restaurants. I've come here three times and sampled number of their dishes, most of which were a hit. I love the decor, the food, and everything there is about this place. There is a bit of a wait though - expect wait times of nearly 2 hours on a busy night.  The excellent:  - Three pepper chicken: Extremely strong flavors. Delicious with the rice, and you can really taste the peppercorn.  - Fragrant fish fillet: Milder flavor to complement the other spicy dishes on the menu.  - Eggplant with garlic sauce: Very authentic. Amazing sauce, and the eggplant taste really shines through.  The okay:  - Mung bean jelly: Great taste, though you barely get any for what you pay for!  - Tea duck: Strong tea flavor, but it was a bit dry for my taste.
2 I am so disappointed!   I ordered lunch from Cafe China cuz I knew its reputation and the price was such a good deal for lunch specials.  When my food came, I was very pleasant with the flavors and texture and it was one of the better representation of sichuan and chinese food.  However, when i was drinking my hot and sour soup, i saw something green and i was like, this doesnt look like a piece of egg drop. It turned out to be a piece of green paper or plastic from whatever places!!!  How is it possible that a one Michelin star restaurant still serve people with this kind of thing in the soup! I am so disappointed and really speechless of what I encountered. It was good food but ended up like this... This is such a bad way of showing what good chinese food can turn out to be:(((((
4 Hip Chinese restaurants often get a bad wrap because they can't be trendy AND authentic. Or worse yet, the product might be some bastardized version that panders to non-Asian clientele. Gasp! I honestly don't mind, General Tso's Chicken is A-OK for the non-occasion.   Fortunately, Cafe China is not one of these impersonators and manages to deliver authentic, well balanced dishes worthy of the visit.   The back area looks like a Wong Kar Wai film. Think 1960's Hong Kong with Jade colored walls and dark wood framing. I half expected Tony Leung and Maggie Cheung to make an appearance.   No such luck, but the dishes that emerged were the stars of the night.   Recommended:  Tea Smoked Duck $23.00 - this Shanghai speciality was the best thing we tried. The duck meat was tender and the skin had the right amount of tea aroma. Win!  Braised Pork Szechuan Style $17.00 - nicely flavored and not overly salty which was great. The only complaint is that it could have been more tender.   Spicy Chengdu Wonton $8.00 - good chili flavor and the wonton skins were a good thickness.  Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic $17.00 - a must order veggie plate if you like pea shoots.   Dan Dan Noodles $7.00 - a bit too simple on its own but goes nicely with the aforementioned braised pork.  Five Spice Beef $10.00 - more of an appetizer dish that relies on the dipping salt. Again, a good supporting cast member.  Movie hyperbole aside, Cafe China satisfies the taste and visual senses and earns the Michelin Star designation.
5 Very different from run-of-the-mill stereotypical chinese food. This is the real deal.
5 This has been my favorite discovery in NY so far. Truly authentic Szechuan style dishes with great flavor! Absolutely deserving of their Michelin Star. I've had dozens of Michelin Starred meals (from 1 star to 3) along with Bib Gourmand meals, and this has been my favorite so far. Pricing is very reasonable for the quality of food and location. Service is phenomenal and the food arrives quickly. This will definitely become one of my staples here in NY.
5 So glad we found this place being die hard fans of spicy Chinese food especially Sichuan! Everything we ordered was fantastic I'll let the pictures speak for themselves and definitely will come back many times!
5 My friend took me to this place for lunch one time a few years ago and I keep coming back whenever I can, with or without my friend (who works nearby). I have only the non-meat dishes but they are elegant and delicious!  Lunch hour is almost impossible to get a seat. That's how amazing this place is. We always try to get there really early or later in the day when people have petered out.
1 I seriously don't understand why this place has a Michelin star.  I ordered pork ribs in bamboo leaves and beef sautéed with pickled chili. After the first bite I regretted stepping into the door. Ribs were okay, slightly bland. Beef was not authentic at all. It had no pickled chili whatsoever and was a little oversalted. Aside from everything else, Chef can you at least be consistent?  Overall, I can only say this is a very Americanized Chinese restaurant and even with that standard nothing stands out. I was gonna give 2 stars but I just realized that I didn't get the hot and sour soup that was supposed to come with the lunch set. Thanks.
3 I don't see what the hype is about this place. Came here expecting to get wowes, but instead was shocked by the price of the food. I guess, it's midtown prices so what can I expect??  We ordered the shredded tripe in chili oil, dan dan noodles, fish filet with tofu, eggplant in garlic sauce, and lotus seed puree. The only dishes that I enjoyed was the dan dan noodles and fish filet with tofu. The least liked dish was the eggplant one. I couldn't even finish it and took it home to be even more displeased. The lotus seed puree sounded good, but it was really bland. I wasn't impressed at all.   The only thing that impressed me was the service. So many waiters on call.
1 I will give this place a -5 stars if I could. We sat at the bar and the bartender was beyond rude.  We left after we tried to order a drink and the bartender threw the menus at us. It seems that everyone was intimidated by him. I'll never go back there and I'll not recommend this place to anyone. Your food might be good but if people cannot feel comfortable eating there you should not be in the business. There is a reason you are in the HOSPITALITY BUSINESS which means making people feel welcomed and comfortable and your restaurant did not provide that experience. The icing on the cake was the beautiful middle finger he flashed us as we stood up from our seats to leave. Unbelievable that a Michelin star worthy and accredited restaurant would allow this type of interaction. Bummed because we were excited about trying the cuisine tonight.
3 I might have been expecting more given the Michelin star here, but I didn't think overall it was that good. I will say the Mapo tofu was worth getting. We also got szechuan rabbit and spicy cumin lamb. I think we got too many hot dishes cause flavor profiles across the board were the same. Just a ton of spice and garlic. I also felt the quality of meat was subpar. I know Chinese cuisine uses all parts but there was just so much fat and cartilage. Meat was chewy, which always freaks me out. I'd say order less meat and make sure you get something not spicy to balance the spicy Szechuan dishes.
4 I was looking forward to this restaurant, bc c'mon...who doesn't love Chinese food?! Don't expect anything fancy other than it being sort of clean and surprisingly a good amount of seating. We ordered a bunch of things from the menu and most were pretty good.  Spicy wontons - my least favorite. Was more greasy and didn't seem like it was fully heated throughout the whole wonton.  Steamed whole fish - was light but flavorful. Watch those bones.  Kung Fu Shrimp - very nice size shrimp. Pain to take shell off so if you're planning to do that, I would pass.   Dan Dan noodles - tasty.  Kung Pao Chicken - Very tasty, which the chicken was cut larger.  I think I would go back. Service was just okay - there are many servers walking around but you basically need to flag them down if you need something. Scotch prices (Oban 14) was actually pretty cheap here, which I liked.
4 I have been first time in cafe china because of my friends advice. But they dont wrong about this place. It was delicious my meal. When we arrived there almost close but they had a good service though. Thank you guys
1 I ordered what I normally order. This time it was 20x spicer than usual, to the point where it was not edible. I made a reasonable request for it to be remade, as it normally is.   Long story short. The request was denied, women on the phone was extremely rude and hung up on me. She made the problem 10x more frustrating.   Problems happen, that is not the issue. The issue is how the problem was handled. Thank your rude employee for this review.
5 Recommended: Pepper Chicken, Eggplant Sichuan style  I left this place soooo happy. When I come back to NYC I am sooo going back here for on an empty stomach so that I can eat a lot more.   The food is very authentic with the Sichuan spicy flavors so keep an eye out on the menu for spice levels you're comfortable with. While the Mouthwatering Chicken and Cold noodles were great, the PepperChicken and the Eggplant Sichuan Style really hit it out of the park for me.   The pepper chicken has a strong and beautiful aroma but not as spicy as I had expected it to be. The sauce from the Eggplant dish is so delicious with rice. The dishes we ordered came with 2 cups of rice. Some of the dishes would have been much better with just a dash more of salt but I was happy with it nonetheless.   Ask your waiter for the serving sizes. 4 dishes with 2 cups of rice was more than enough for the three of us.   The restaurant has a very 1930s/40s China decor. They don't take reservations for groups with fewer than 4 people. If you have a bigger group I highly recommend you reserve a table because of the long waiting period. We went in with a group of three and we were initially told the waiting time was 1 hour but they made a few adjustments and we got ours in 15mins.
5 Very very spicy food here. The restaurant is small and there can be a rush. However, the servers are all fast and attentive. Good selection of authentic tasty food.  Fans of spice have to try.
5 This may be my new favorite Sichuan Chinese restaurant in all of NYC. Tucked away in midtown, the ambience is old Shanghai but the cuisine is fiery Sichuan. I was surprised at how authentic the food was. A true hidden gem. I'll definitely be back!
5 Food was impeccable. Service was great. I planned a baby shower brunch for a friend there and everyone at the restaurant was super accommodating with us.
4 Yum! Although it is a standout among US Chinese restaurants I've been to, I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because I later went to another Manhattan Chinese restaurant (Uluh) which I actually thought to have better Szechuan food.  We had the scallion pancakes, double cooked pork belly, kung fu shrimp, tilapia fish stew, and a Chinese vegetable (not sure of the English name) dish. All were delicious! I found the fish stew to especially be a standout.  All in all, good service and authentic food!
5 Well,I am writing this review on such an interesting day . Let's say I am in bad mood so hopefully my mood will not spill all over my review . My client wanted to have a Michelin rates restaurant experience in the city so I decided to take them to one I know and love . This time I ordered chungking spicy chicken . according to menu that is the hottest food they have .I love it . It was not hot enough for me but it was amazing .it was massive but I got it done . This restaurant is just perfect .I know the wait time could be frustrating sometimes but it worths it .I totally recommend .
5 Hidden Gem in Manhattan. Spicy dumplings are my favorite. Would definitely go back. Wait times can be up to 60 min
4 GREAT and AUTHENTIC, almost the best Chinese food I have ever had in the States. It's super crowded around the clock, there was even a long line at noon on a weekday.   Foods were all served in bowls and deep small plates, very homy. Dim lights and posters in the old days would bring you back in time!  I would say due the popularity the service was mediocrem. But if you don't like to be "bothered" by your servers, this is the perfect place for you!!
4 I am always on the search for good Sichuan food but sometimes it is hard because some joints offer up "over spice" while other try to "dumb it down". It is rare to find a spot that strikes the right balance and is able to deliver on that blend. First of all, this is not your normal Sichuan joint.. it comes with a coveted Michelin star. The joint itself is located in the heart of midtown and the interior is really well set up with a small bar up front and a cozy restaurant with tables to fill out to the back. It has that old school tea-house vibe and the décor makes you feel transported to a different time. Reservations seem like a must here as the restaurant seems constantly busy with people waiting out the door to get in. I have come in person once and ordered doordash a few times. The service and the cleanliness and accessibility in midtown make this a unique offering for folks on the Sichuan journey.  Over the past few times I have dined here, I have gotten a myriad of dishes but the usual suspects always pop to surface. Spicy wontons in chili oil, double cooked pork, mapo tofu, dan dan noodles, and a few other noodle dishes throughout. As mentioned, all of them are good with some being pretty darn good. The spiciness is very manageable and it is impressive that this place remained as close to authentic as it has despite i would imagine pressure to be "Americanized" The price is slightly higher in pricing than the traditional "hole in wall " joints but I think the service, cleanliness, and good ingredients supplement that price point.  All in all, a good place and definitely convenient for those searching for something in midtown. I would say it doesn't top my favorite joint in DC but a good piece of comfort in the big city.
1 Our experience of this place have been the worst in New York! The servers name was Edward and we were a group of 4. The rule of this place is that, you have to order 1 dish per person. We ordered 3 dishes between 4 people so the server just added 18% gratuity without even informing us. When asked about why this gratuity, he rudely replied you did not order enough food!
4 we ordered three dishes - the eggplant in Szechuan sauce, the spicy cumin lamb and the shredded duck in garlic. We LOVED the spicy cumin lamb and eggplant but the duck was pretty disappointing. It literally was 98% bell pepper and tiny pieces of duck. The duck tasted good but we wished the ratio hadn't been so ridiculous.
5 If you're ever craving a fix of authentic Chinese food, this is the go-to in midtown - with fairly reasonable prices and portions, I love to either order delivery or dine-in. This place is always crowded, whether it's a Friday night or weekday early lunch.   My favorites: five spice beef (cold appetizer), sautéed duck with ginger (really good, there's no bones if you're wary of that), Dan Dan noodles, cold noodles Szechuan style (if I had to choose between the two noodles I would go with this one), stir fried assorted mushrooms.
5 Saw that this was on the Michelin Guide with one-star and that it wasn't super expensive, so I went with my friend. I was in charge of choosing dinner, and I didn't want to disappoint. We got there, were told there was an hour wait, chilled at the Starbucks a block down, and then went in when we got texted that our table was ready. We ordered the popular dishes, got some jasmine tea, and decided that we had made the right decision to wait. Everything is very flavorful and quite spicy. A lot of szechwan flavors which you don't see a lot of in Chinese places in the United States. The Jasmine Tea definitely cools down the heat, so I would highly recommend that.   The service here is also excellent. They're always checking in on you and making sure your glass is full of water. Towards the end of our meal, we realized we wanted dessert, so I just asked one of the waiters what their favorite dish was. He smiled and said it was the Eight Jewel Rice. We ordered it and were pleased. Very unique - it's rice with beans and jellies. Definitely a cultural experience. I would highly recommend this restaurant. Check it out if you're in the city. Know there's a wait, but that it's worth it!
5 Cafe China was a delightful experience. We ordered family style and got 5 dishes to share between the two of us.   The Dan dan noddles were amazing and went super quickly. The 3 pepper chicken was quite spicy (dry) and had a few too many red peppers but was tasty. The spicy cumin was really tender and flavorful and not as spicy as the 3 pepper quite but still had some kick. The eggplant was very good and the garlic sauce coded the eggplant well but was not overpowering! We also got a gogi berry teapot which was delicious!  The service was great and everyone was super helpful.
1 When she is not looking at her phone, hostess tries to force parties of 2 to share tables. When you politely decline, expect to eIt as she seats any party of 3 or 4 that walks through the door at existing empty tables.
4 Enjoyable meal with slightly higher prices than if you were to go into Chinatown. There's usually a wait for dinner and they won't seat you unless your entire party is there. Highlights were the double cooked pork and eggplant. The tea smoked duck was alright, a little dry in my opinion.
4 The fried rice with green shoots was the best fried rice ever!! Everything else is was pretty good. Dinner prices averaged $10 a dish. We went around 3:30 and pm and there were plenty of tables available. The restaurant feels dated nothing nice just simple. The family enjoyed their food.
4 We got lucky and was seated immediately. I can see why the wait because the got busier. I'm not into spicy food but the food was delicious. We ordered 4 lunch specials and shared. We got the shredded pork, lightly sautéed fish, spicy cumin lamb and the three pepper chicken. It was all good. My favorite was the sautéed fish. Definitely will be back.
5 One of my favorite Sichuan restaurants in New York City! Tastes a lot like home - it was very authentic. This time I went with 4 friends and these deserve honorable mentions:  Steamed soup buns - soup was delicious, the wrap was perfectly thin, and the bun was altogether amazing.   ChongQing Spicy Chicken - the spice is just enough that you feel it, but not so much that your taste buds are ruined! It's traditionally a plate that is more peppers than it is chicken, so that wasn't surprising. Some pieces of the chicken were a little tough, but still really good!  Double Cooked Pork - definitely one of my favorite dishes all around! It's a little fatty, but that makes the meat really juicy, so I love it. Highly recommend!  Boy Choy with Garlic - always have to balance the meal out with some vegetables, and these are my go-to! The flavor is usually a little more bland compared to the meats, but it clears your palette a bit. I always get this!  Other things we ordered: Mapo Tofu (always good when you want a slightly spicy dish), Three Pepper Chicken (I personally liked the other chicken more). The atmosphere is nice, albeit a little dark inside. Food is always amazing! 10/10 would recommend this place!
4 The food, especially the spicy cumin lamb, is delicious. Most of the other dishes - dumplings in chili oil, Dan Dan noodles, and bak choy - were decent, but the spicy cumin lamb is the best I've had in the city.  Just a tip, but make sure you check in with the staff that seats people constantly, cause they don't take down names and will seat people in random order. Did not like that at all.
5 Coming from a Chinese background, I was still blown away by the dishes they offered. The Bok Choy, Ma Po Tofu, and Chinese Eggplant dishes were amazing. Simply put, they were some of the best I've ever tried, including restaurants in China. The duck fried rice was also amazing and I'd highly recommend it having never tried duck fried rice before! The prices are good for the quality of food and you should definitely stop by some time if you enjoy Chinese food. Just make sure to come early enough for a table!
2 there is sands in the veges which ruins the dish. The taste was really good but how can I enjoy it since I is not clean enough？
5 Best dan dan noodles ever. Lychee martinis are great here too. Honestly never have had a bad experience here and the food is always so good. Priced very fairly. The wait is kinda crazy sometimes, but worth it.
2 Big disappointments.   This place did not live up to the 1 Michelin star standards.  Food: we ordered mapo tofu, stirred fried mixed mushrooms, 蒜泥白肉, and smoked duck.  The food came out really fast, I mean less than five minutes after we ordered.... I'm not sure if they made the dishes ahead of time or was it made fresh.  Mapo tofu was way too starchy and not spicy at all.  Mixed mushrooms and smoked duck were okay, nothing special about them.  The only dish that we liked was the 蒜泥白肉  Service:   it was pretty horrible to be honest and I was not expecting this level of service from a 1 Michelin star restaurant.  The waiter never came over once to ask if we like our food or etc.  It seems like they were just trying to rush everyone out as soon as they finish eating.    I do not recommend this place to anyone, there are better Chinese restaurants around the neighborhood.
5 There's usually a 30 minute wait for a table for two around dinner time but it's worth it. It's annoying that they don't let you do reservations for small parties though, hopefully they'll change that policy. They have a vegetarian mapo tofu which is my favorite dish and they definitely do the best version of it, it has a depth of flavor that most other places don't capture. The chrysanthemum tea is also very good.The food usually comes out quickly and the decor is unique. The tables are pretty close together but it's not uncomfortable. Would definitely recommend!
2 This place seems way overrated. I stopped by for dinner yesterday with a friend. We waited 45 minutes which we though seemed fine, since it was a Friday night and this place had good reviews. We got sat at the right time, service was great and attentive through our entire experience. However the food was not something I enjoyed at all. We got the vegetable dumpling, scallion pancakes, tiger salad, and kung Pao chicken. The chicken was mediocre and the best thing we ordered. The dumplings had no taste, not even salt. The pancakes felt like they've been out for a while then quick fried. The texture and flavor was weird, by far the worst scallion pancakes i've ever had.
5 Probably the most authentic Chinese food I've tried in New York City. Service was super quick and our food came out within minutes. The scallion pancakes are to die for!
1 Ordered double cooked pork with rice and vegetable dumplings online for dinner, found a stone in the rice and the pork tasted greasy. There are far better Chinese restaurants in midtown. Please don't just believe in the Michelin star. Very disappointed.
4 Came here on a Sunday night and it was really busy. Luckily my party of 2 found a spot at the bar pretty quickly. We started with the scallion pancakes which were great- made even better by the dipping sauce. I got the schezwan cold noodles as a main. Kind of a small portion for that but good. I loved their flavor although they were too spicy for me unfortunately. My friend got the kung pao chicken along with probably most other groups in the restaurant.
4 Got Cafe China delivered and they under promised but over delivered on timing - no complaints here. A variety of wontons that my wife enjoyed coupled with Kung Pao chicken for me left both of us satisfied. Kung pao had the right amount of kick and bursted with flavor.   Update from 7/21/19 - had dinner in the restaurant today. My wife and I split the Kung Pao chicken with brown rice and the Dan Dan noodles. Another good experience - quick service and great tasting food. Dan Dan noddles actually had a bit of a kick. I also got a Vietnamese coffee which was just so so.
4 So it seems most of the complaints for this place are its hard to get a table, food is overpriced, and staff is bad. I couldn't disagree more. Obviously getting a table depends on when you go. But reservations are pretty easy to come by. The food is a bit more than your typical Chinese place in town, but it is better ingredients. This is some of the freshest and best tasting Chinese in town! Plus the ambiance is better than most other Chinese places in town. It's worth the cost. And the staff is lovely not a single complaint with them. We tried the pork dumplings fresh flavorful and a lovely sauce. The lamb cumin and the tea smoked duck. Both were quite nice. Now they dont get the 5th star because I wasn't totally blown away by the food, but it is still worth a visit.
5 Came by during lunch hour on a work day and was seated pretty quickly for a party of 3. Authentic Chinese cuisine. We ordered a couple of dishes with white rice and just to highlight a few:  The Chungking spicy chicken had the option of "with bone" or "without bone", of course we chose "with bone" because it'd be tastier albeit a little harder to eat. And we were not disappointed. There was a good amount of chicken amidst the dried chilies.  The Ma Po tofu is a must try, the silky texture and the spiciness is just right, other Ma Po tofus are often just starchy and not spicy.  The glutinous rice balls for dessert were also a great way to end the meal. I was surprised by the small size but the quantity was good.
3 Impossible to get seat. Wait time usually 1 hr. Food adjusted for the waiting time is no longer worth it.
2 Of course the food is good as always, but this is a review specifically for the service, which was at best confusing tonight. Our server was Johnny Z. Two people in our party were stuck in terrible traffic at LGA, as if that weren't already the worst ever, the rest of us sat down and started ordering while we waited for them to show up but dear Johnny showered us with unwanted attention, basically forcing us to eat faster and leave LOL. Actually we were going to just pack the rest of the food up and go, but finally those two got here and Johnny shoved us the check ten minutes later. Oddly enough he also started to speak in English instead of Chinese. The entire time he appeared irritated and exasperated. I'm so sorry Johnny my man for coming to the restaurant and sitting down at one of your tables. Eating is a social event. Please don't rush people when they are eating or they will be more than hangry with you. Johnny Z, let your patrons eat in peace!!
5 I came here for lunch and I felt it was a great deal compared to dinner. Being Chinese, I am very particular with Asian foods, but this place tasted real authentic. Decor was nice and I would say it is definitely worthy of the Michelin Star status.
4 Great spot for authentic Chinese food! We went because of the Michelin star, and while I can't say it was life changing, we left very satisfied.  There was quite a wait, but being in such a busy area it's easy to pass the time. You can put in your name and phone number and they'll text you when you're close to being seated and then again when your table is ready. The waitstaff was quick, concise, and helpful while ordering!  We ordered the Five Spice Beef which was really the star of the show. It's reminiscent of hei jiao niu liu (what I was really craving) and had a healthy amount of spice. Definitely need some white rice on the side!  The scallion pancakes were very standard, the perfect mix of crispy and doughy.   The rou jia mo was juicy and flavorful, but not the most memorable.  The jellyfish in scallion pesto had great texture but was lacking in flavor- overall underwhelming.  The pork dumplings in chili oil felt very homemade and made for the perfect Chinese comfort food. The whole restaurant almost feels like you're in a living room which added to the nostalgia and deliciousness of the food.  While I'm sure there are better options in Chinatown, the variety and quality of this restaurant are amazing!
4 I loved the ambience and decoration of the restaurant as soon as I step in. So classy and nostalgic! I went on a Saturday night and there's quite a wait for two people. We decided to be seated at the communal table and it worked out fine. Service was extremely quick and professional. Food, on the other hand, did not reach my expectations. The fried rice with shredded duck and the silkie chicken soup were mediocre. Stir-fried assorted fresh mushroom was really good and I would definitely come back for this dish.
5 My favorite restaurant in town. Just the right amount of spicy and numbing and flavors and aaargh I want to go back. Good price for the quality delivered. Service: nice and efficient. Best Szechuanese restaurant I tried so far! A must-try.
1 I had lunch with my mom in cafe China yesterday. The restaurant was full and there were two parties waiting for the tables already when we arrived so the waitress assigned us to sit at the bar to avoid the waiting (which I appreciated). As there were more tables available when we were eating at the bar and we asked the waitress if we could grab a table instead because we didn't feel very comfortable sitting on the bar chair after a long walk in the city in the morning. The waitress couldn't care less. She was extremely indifferent and turned down our request that she could easily accommodate. During our whole meal, the waiters were not attentive at all. I had been to this restaurant for so many times. Every time I had gatherings with my friends or families in the city, I brought them to Cafe China. This is the worst service I've ever received. SUPER disappointed. I'll never go back again.
1 I had lunch today with friend. All dishes are ridiculously SALTY.  We ordered Three pepper chicken, Ma Po Tofu and baby rib in bamboo leaves. Both of us couldn't finish meals. Too bad.  ; (
5 LOVE THIS SPOT. I've been at least 5 times by now and it never disappoints.   FOOD: MMMM YES. I've never disliked anything here. Love the dan dan noodles, kung pao chicken, braised fish stew (spicy style that makes your mouth tingle!), shredded beef with green chili... it's all great.   AMBIANCE: This place is pretty dang COOL. It's a great place for a date night, or to bring your parents, or to go with a friend... I've done all three.   SERVICE: There's always lots of staff around, so the service is on point.
4 Cafe China is a famous small Chinese restaurant with a Micheline star. They work on a first come first serve basis and they are usually very crowded. There might be a short wait if you go during dinner time. I have tried the Shrimp Dumplings, the Five Spice Beef, the Kom Kung Pao Chicken, the Fried Rice with Duck, and the Spicy Cumin Lamb. If you are a shrimp lover, you should try the Shrimp Dumplings. They were delicious and they were very sticky which implies that they were freshly made. Next, I tried the Five Spice Beef and I fell in love. The beef was poached and seasoned with different spices. It was delicious. Spicy Cumin Lamb was good however it was too spicy for me to eat. The Fried Rice with Duck was delicious. The duck was cooked perfectly. It was soft and juicy. However, I think the Kom Kung Pao Chicken was the best. It had a sauce with cashews that matched amazingly with the fried chicken pieces. I highly recommend for you to go to this Michelin star restaurant and order food to share with your friends to taste as many dishes as you can. It is a great spot to eat Chinese food with your friends.
2 Food was okay but I called in advance to make a reservation for 12, put down my credit card, came on time, and then they said the reserved 2 separate tables for us (a table for 4 and a table for 8). They weren't even next to each other. I feel like they either forgot to reserve the table, or didn't care for the reservation but either way, I thought it was extremely unprofessional. What's the point of making a reservation if you can't get the table anyway. We were there for a birthday dinner so obviously we didn't want to exile 4 people and we all wanted to sit together, so we ended up having to squeeze 12 at a table for 8. Extremely disappointed in the service.
5 The spicy soft shell crab is AMAZING! Beware of lots of sichuan peppercorns that will leave your mouth feeling tingly but the experience of the food is delicious and worth it. Amazingly priced and what great ambiance for a restaurant with a Michelin Star!
4 Three of us went there for dinner on July 4.  Since we arrived at around 5:30 pm, there was no wait.  We were seated promptly, followed by water service and menus.  We ordered 3 appetizers and 3 entrees to share.  The food arrived shortly after.  Since this is Szechuan cuisine, we expected the dishes to be spicy and numbing.  And we were not disappointed.  All the 6 dishes we ordered tasted delicious and fresh.  No complaints at all with the quality of the food.  It would have been much better if they have served us our appetizers first before the entrees.  When my wife made a comment about this, the waiter just brushed her off (in kind of a rude way).  This is why they did not get 5 stars from me.  All in all, I would recommend this place if you enjoy good Szechuan food and do not mind their lack of polite service.
5 Don't count out this Michelin-starred establishment when on the hunt for Chinese takeout. I've only dined in the restaurant once for lunch and felt the service was meh, but I have zero complaints for takeout. The food is ready extremely fast (15-20 minutes tops) and the prices are fantastic for the quality, taste, and portion sizes.  I've tried most of the menu over the years, but my favorites are: - Clear soup with meatballs (very light yet flavorful) - Husband and wife special (slightly numbing, deliciously spicy combo of tender beef and tripe served cold) - Jellyfish in scallion pesto (texture isn't for everyone, but I find this dish highly addictive) - Fish blossom (deep-fried whole tilapia topped with sweet and sour sauce with small bits of veggies and pine nuts, that add lots of crunch and flavor) - Fragrant fish filet (delicately steamed sole filets with a very light yet tasty soy-based sauce, served with Chinese spinach - great healthy option) - Double cooked pork (my favorite! super tasty pork belly strips twice pan-fried with savory leeks and smoked tofu in a deliciously oily chili black bean sauce)
4 I came here with my friend for Friday lunch around 12:15pm. We waited for 15 minutes and once we were seated, we ordered Dan Dan noodles and tea smoked duck.  I liked the Dan Dan noodles. It had the right amount of chili oil so that greasiness adds to quality of the dish. Minced pork was sparsed in, adding a chewy texture in contrast to the softer noodles. The portions were a little small but it was fun to eat.  The tea smoked duck was nice. Tender inside and crisp outside. I tasted a faint tea flavor only when I ate both the meat and the skin. Otherwise, I couldn't tell if tea was used. It was interesting to eat but I wish the portions were bigger.  Halfway through eating, we realized we needed more food so we ordered spicy cumin lamb.  The spicy cumin lamb was nice. Lamb was tender while the chile oil and spices added a kick to complement. I needed the rice that comes with it since it was actually a little spicy. I was surprised the dish didn't smell like lamb.  Despite three dishes among two people, I felt filled but not full. I enjoyed the meal but given the cost, I'm only coming back occasionally or when I forget their taste.
1 It's not traditional Szechuan but more like Szechuan inspired Shanghai cuisine and that's actually fine. It's a matter of flavor some might like some don't.  What's unbearable is the attention on the food they provide in unacceptable. Pepper and beef are cut into very thick and uneven slices. Lamb is obviously frozen and some pieces still stuck together after quick fry like    a meatball. At least good Italian meatball is juicy and flavorful inside but I don't think the lamb ball is what they intend to provide.  The main reason I came here is because another Michelin one star Szechuan restaurant. Just like lansheng used to be. I was hoping they can provide something on par with lansheng at its prime but it was not the case.
4 We made a reservation for 7 for Saturday lunch and enjoyed the meal. We ordered pork dumplings in chili oil, five spice beef, eggplant in garlic sauce, scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, bok Choi, braised pork, Chungking spicy chicken, double cooked pork and fish filet to split between all of us. The dishes come with rice.   Service was good, the food was good. Both pork dishes were great, the pork dumplings in chili oil and eggplant, as well as the dan dan noodles were table favorites. The Chungking spicy chicken had a weird resemblance to Froot Loops on the palate, as one friend pointed out.  The fish filet was good but pretty bland and forgettable. Would definitely order all the pork dishes again and try some other items! This place is great especially considering the price is very reasonable .
3 Excellent traditional Chinese cuisine, service is good and average prices, the place is small which makes it difficult to fully enjoy the experience.  Excelente cocina tradicional china, el servicio es bueno y los precios promedio, el lugar es pequeño lo que dificulta disfrutar por completo la experiencia.
4 It did have some authentic Chinese food from Where I am from , Sichuan. Like the spicy wonton and so on. But the prices were not worth it
4 Food: 3.5/5 Stopped by for dinner with a friend. We ordered the smoked duck fried rice, three pepper chicken, eggplant in garlic sauce and the shredded beef with mushrooms. The smoked duck fried rice was very savory but a bit salty. Still delicious! I would definitely recommend the duck fried rice. The three pepper chicken was spicy and mouth numbing. It was tasty and slowly got more spicy. The chicken pieces were cut up into hearty bite sized chunks. The eggplant in garlic sauce was average. It was a bit too soggy/soft imo and I thought it lacked flavor. I've had better elsewhere. The shredded beef was just average too. It was stringy and tough.  I enjoyed 2 out of the 4 dishes. Not sure if we ordered wrong but I'd give this place another try. Pretty cheap considering it has a Michelin Star.  Service: 5/5 Service was great. The staff is young and very attentive. I must have drank 4-5 glasses of water and my cup never went empty.  Ambiance: 3.5/5 Restaurant is decent sized. Long and narrow. It literally looks like a cafe and doesn't look like an Asian restaurant. Bathrooms are clean. Could use a renovation.
4 Solid solid chinese food with amazing service. No tipping (apparently not anymore?), 1 michelin star chinese restaurant with szechuan touches.  Even though I've been once to try their classics like dan dan, tea smoked duck, and etc, I think I'll be back to try more of their offerings.  Definitely recommend if you can get a table.
4 Great Americanized Chinese fare! Fresh fish, meat, vegies and other quality ingredients. Highly recommended!
4 This little café is cute and a little on the small side. They seated us pretty quickly but we had to wait almost 10 minutes for someone to get our drink order. They had a little mix up with the ticket and we ended up with a bit of a wait. Once they found our order, the food was out super fast and everything was the way we ordered it. The lunch portions are perfect and the pork pot stickers were the BEST part of my meal. When we got the check they gave us a piece of gum, super cute!
2 Didn't even know where to start. If u want to try authentic szechuan cuisine, please please do NOT come here. Would have given a 3 star if it doesn't claim itself a szechuan restaurant. The taste is more like from Eastern China. Do not believe in Michelin Star. Pretty sure most dishes are made before you order. They're barely warm. Feel sorry for those authentic restaurants.
5 The spicy tofu alone is enough to bring me back. I live for good Szechuan food and this place delivers (figuratively)! What a treat to eat here. And don't worry about the long line - show up and put your name in the queue, then go elsewhere for a drink. They'll text you when the table is ready. It's loud and a little cramped, but what NYC restaurant isn't?
4 I order from this place quite often (at least 4-5 times per week) via Seamless during weekdays because I work nearby. I would say the food is not top-notch but it's sth you can always count on if you are looking for a quick lunch with quality. Plus, lunch specials are not expensive. The delivery person always does a good job. He is on time and also polite. This is a big plus too.
4 Food is delish! The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is that it's insanely crowded all the time, and you have to wait forever, even for takeout. Dimly lit and very cramped; the A/C in the back was FRIGID and uncomfortable.  For now, will only order lunch via GrubHub or Seamless; if/when they triple their space, then I'll go back to eat in!
5 I love Cafe China and think it's absolutely deserving of its Michelin Star. I'd recommend coming here with a group so that you can sample many dishes as is typical with Chinese cuisine. It's hard for me to name my favorite dishes - everything is so good! I do love spicy Szechuan food, so I'd say the more hot peppers listed on the menu usually correlate to my must-ordered items. For me I would say the spice level is reasonable even for the items marked the spiciest - it's definitely toned down from the Szechuan you'd find in restaurants in China, so if you like spice, don't be afraid of ordering these dishes. The only negative remark I would have is that a lot of the food can be pretty oily. But no doubt it's delicious!
5 We went here on a rainy Thursday night and had to wait for an hour to get seated. Definitely the best Sichuan food I've had and it tests your tolerance to spice. Me and my husband love spicy food and loved all the flavors. We got the pork dumplings in chilli oil, the Chungking chicken, the pepper lamb and the Dan dan noodles. We loved the numbing spice of the Sichuan peppers. The service was quick and it definitely is one of the most affordable Michelin stars in the city.
1 Crap, smug, unsmiling service. Give this place a miss.  Plenty of other places with great food nearby  worth your and my money.
5 Definitely of the city's Szechuan highlights and easily better than Han Dynasty (whose NY location is pretty lackluster). Come here to test your spice tolerance!  I came here on a Sunday evening and was originally told the wait was 45 minutes for a table of 2, though the hostess called us in within minutes of putting our names down.  We got the spicy cumin lamb, the shredded tripe in chili oil, the dan dan noodles, the eggplant in Szechuan sauce, and the Chunking braised fish in red sauce. The lamb and tripe were the best parts of the meal, and I've never actually eaten tripe that was quite so tender. The eggplant in Szechuan sauce was quite good and unique, as usually the style it's served in is garlic sauce. The Chunking braised fish was rather spicy, but not particularly memorable, likely because it was overshadowed by how good the other dishes were.
5 Been here twice. Both times in weekday evenings and the waiting time was definitely 20 min + and like most places they only seat when everyone of the party is there.  We sat at the bar and ordered cocktails. My Chinese friend told me that the naming convention of the cocktails was great, that they were all artsy old Chinese movie titles. This coupled with the the old posters in the restaurant, makes it all unique.   Side note:2046 cocktail didn't taste great. Get lucky lychee or anything else actually.   We ordered the fish stew, whole baked fish, braised pork belly, roasted eggplant and everything couldn't be more perfect. We had the sesame balls for dessert and they were nice too.   Great food, reasonable prices and nice cocktails. Service could be better, we had to wait several minutes and had to call someone to take our orders.  But, everything else was good and I'll definitely go here again.
5 Wow, Han Dynasty on steroids? This place has awesome szechuan cuisine.  All of the dishes were very good and super reasonably priced, but here are a few must-gets in my opinion: -Tea-smoked duck. So tender, juicy, and a great smoky flavor. They don't cheat you out of meat either - should be plenty of quality pieces to share around the table. -Fish blossom. Fresh tilapia that is a visual pleaser and comes with the most delicious sweet and sour sauce (pour it over your rice!). Only improvement to be made is to make the outside of the fish crispier. -Chungking braised fish stew (WHITE style): if you need a break from the spice, this dish has a very calming yet flavorful broth  What also makes this place great is the service, which is very attentive and polite (not found at every chinese restaurant heh)  Highly recommend for an affordable and accessible Michelin star outing. FYI, came with a group of 7 and only waited for 40 minutes during peak dinner hours on the weekend.
2 Came here for lunch on a Tuesday when they first opened. I really liked the way the restaurant was decorated, very old school China vibe. The waiters were attentive through time we were there as there were not many people in the restaurant. The food was okay, nothing special. Ordered the double cooked pork belly, three pepper chicken, and string beans. Out of the three dishes, I felt the string beans were best. The pork was cooked well and it was nice and fatty, but was way too salty. The chicken had good spice to it, but the meat was dry. The string beans had the right amount of seasoning and they were not too greasy. No real complaints about my dining experience, overall average.  However, my girlfriend decided to order lunch today and the expected delivery time was 1pm. She waited until almost 2pm to receive her food. She only works about a 10 minute walk from the restaurant. She called the restaurant multiple times for a status update and not once did the restaurant staff pick up. I understand they might be busy, but it's not an excuse to ignore your phone.
1 For the life of me, I really don't understand how this restaurant keeps its Michelin star every year. Food is oily and salty. This definitely gives high-end Chinese food a bad reputation. The waiters are not knowledgeable about the food they serve, the trash bags pile up right outside the restaurant, and you are packed/crammed in small tables in close proximity to other customers.    For a quality atmosphere and modern take on Chinese cuisine, please go to Hao Noodle in the West Village.   I give this a one star because China Cafe leaves the rest of the one-star Michelin in NYC a bad name.
5 The place is a bit small but definitely a cozy environment. If you plan to dine in for lunch, I suggest you get there early. I ordered the Lunch Special Three Pepper Chicken -$11 (requested mild). I didn't take a picture because there were so many posted here and now I see why. It was so good! My friend ordered the same dish but regular. She expressed that is was VERY spicy. So if you're not really into spicy foods and want to try it, DEFINITELY request it mild. I highly recommend and I can't wait to go back to try the Sweet and Sour Ribs!
5 A one star Michelin restaurant is defined as "a very good restaurant in its category" - Cafe China is perfectly that. The food, ambience, and service all hit the spot; I'm already looking forward to my next visit.  Food: the highlights were the mapo tofu (麻婆豆腐), snow pea leaves (豆苗), and the twice cooked pork (回锅肉). By far the most intriguing was the tofu - its spices reminded me exactly of the real flavors in Sichuan, which are genuinely difficult to find and recreate in America. The snow pea leaves were a fantastic counter-balancing dish to an otherwise spicy meal, and the twice cooked pork was one of the most tender versions I've had.  Ambience: loved the stylistic throwback to the 1930's - the wallpaper, the bowls, and even the music (夜上海!) built up nicely to transport us back in time.  Service: Cafe China has the best service of any Chinese restaurant I've been to. The waiters are attentive and speak fluent English / Chinese, which is awesome. They came up at least 3-4x during our meal to check in and make sure everything was okay, and asked if we needed anything.  Lastly, on a personal note - Cafe China, thank you for being the first Michelin Chinese restaurant in the US. Thanks for showing the world how awesome Chinese food - and restaurants - can be.
3 Mediocre Chinese food. Small portion. For some reason the waiter got quite impatient when I asked if he spoke mandarin. Does not deserve Michelin star. Probably won't come back.
1 5th time here...each time I come here they disappoint. Won't be returning anymore. Roaches and bad service.
5 Excellent find...we will be back!  Had the dan dan noodles and king pao chicken..delicious!!!
4 For a Michelin star restaurant, I had pretty high expectations for this place. It didn't blow me away, but it was still pretty tasty.   We got:  - Beef tendon - Eggplant in garlic sauce  - Dan dan noodles  - Braised pork  - Pork dumplings in chili oil  Definitely get the pork dumplings in chili oil - so good. If you like beef tendon and can handle numbing spiciness, get the beef tendon dish. The eggplant was also pretty tasty. We didn't really like the braised pork or dan dan noodles -- wouldn't recommend getting these.   Put our name down on a Friday night around 8 PM for party of 3 and got seated in about an hour!
4 WOAH. When my friend told me there's a Chinese restaurant in midtown she liked, I was VERY confused.   We went the basic route & had the following:  Double cooked pork: Soicy but flavorful with some tofu inside that made me wonder, how can a dish this flavorful not be worshipped???   Soft shell crabs: OMG SPICY. & yes, you can eat he shells. This was more of a shezuan style food with hot peppers boasting with flavor. Definitely not for the weak of heart.  Scallion pancakes: Crispy and more thin & oily than I had expected but equally as good nonetheless  Pan fried Pork Pot Stickers: Yum! No oil dripping just meat and dumpling skin with that nice crunch on the outside  Overall, this was a surprisingly great spot for dinner! Def check it out.
4 Came here for dinner because wanted to try a Michelin star Chinese restaurant.  Overall the food was good.  We had some apps ( Dan dan noodles - which Were a not too watery and lacking spice and taste, I've had better ).  Also had dumplings in chilly sauce and cucumber.    For main course we had kungpo chicken- this was very good and a fish and tofu stew.  We came Sunday afternoon so there was no wait and got seated right away.     Overall it's a solid place with good food and reasonably priced.   Was I blown away, not really, would come back if the wait is short and I'm in the area.
5 This hidden treasure amazed me! I ordered delivery a few years ago with my family, all this time thinking it was your regular chinese, no frills, restaurant. We enjoyed it a lot at that time.  Then, recently visited fir dinner, and was blown away by the decor and the food.  Only to hear later that it was a 1 Michellin star restaurant reaffirmed my impression. As my wife said: we cant remember the last time that we thoroughly enjoyed every dish we ordered.
2 This place was completely underwhelming. After reading the 5 star reviews, we expected to be wowed. The dishes were tasteless or had an off-putting taste. Yuck, we wasted our money. It was crowded and noisy, so someone likes this place. We however won't be back.
4 Come here often for lunch and just hosted a large dinner there. Food is great and lunch is affordable especially for a restaurant that is Michelin rated. Somewhat disappointed after the large dinner since I was told that we would either have 1 large table or 2 tables next to each other. Well they weren't next to each other which would've been extremely weird and uncomfortable. They did resolve it but it was a very tight squeeze. Parties up to 8 people should be fine.
5 Loved this place. I came in on a rainy Wednesday as a party of one and went straight to the bar with every other business traveller.   I asked the bartender what he recommended and he asked tons of questions to determine what I liked and didnt like to help me figure out what to order which was nice of him.   I ordered the dan dan noodles dim sum which were incredible. For my entree I ordered the Kung Pao chicken which was very good too.   I would definitely come back here.
3 Really a Michelin star? I was a single diner, perhaps that was the reason I received absolutely no attention. Poor reason, but the Asian couple seated at the very close next table didn't seem to receive any better treatment. I felt as if the food was practically thrown on the table. Not once did a server ask if everything was ok or did I need something. Yes, an extra napkin would have been nice, or perhaps some hot sauce.  The food thankfully was good. The pork dim sum was perfect. The shredded pork with garlic sauce good, but not outstanding. The Sauvignon Blanc a nice accompaniment.   I'm just glad I didn't wait an hour and a half to be seated, I would have been gravely disappointed. Note, they do not take dinner reserva except for large parties.
2 Delivery was not great. Order was 30 minutes late. The order was wrong. The guy on the phone was very rude. Fried rice was so salty my goodness. Lotta hype with place, for overpriced food and not so friendly service. Will I come back? Maybe, if I'm in the area. No more delivery though. Ever.
2 Hate it when a good restaurant experience is spoilt by rude and ill mannered server.  To be honest both the lady and the male host were really nice.  Maybe we got unlucky with a horrible Chinese waiter who was impatient and condescending accompanied with a terrible body language. Forget being helpful, he was looking disinterested and annoyed while taking our order. He kept banging the dishes on our table as they were ready and wasnt interested in telling us what he was serving.  Towards the end my uncle innocently asked if they served fortune cookies, to which that jerk rudely replied in a loud tone that they didn't. Of course smiling, being courteous and making guests feel welcome wouldn't have been a part of his job. Wonder why such people decide to join service industry. I really wanted to give him a piece of my mind but ofcourse wasn't going to fall to his low level. Now that the rude chinese man is out of the way let me talk about the food; it wasn't bad at all, won't call it special but the food made us happy  1. We liked the vegetable pot stickers, they were as expected  2. Veg fried rice was decent  3. Sauteed Chinese broccoli was to die for, I haven't eaten a better version of Chinese broccoli anywhere else  4. Fragrant fish fillet with vegetables was full of flavors yet mild, the taste grows on you 5. Eggplant in garlic sauce was soft on the top layer and then it got a bit hard  As I said not a bad place for food at all... Wish that the server in question could go and buy some manners. He doesn't realize he is spoiling the name of a good restaurant.
3 I'm a bit surprised this place has a Michelin star.  I didn't think the Chungking chicken was anything special.  In fact there was very little chicken and mostly fried batter in our dish.  The manager was kind enough to take it off our bill since we were so disappointed that they would serve us mostly fried batter (as I looked at the pictures it was clear those pictures had a lot of meaty chicken).  We ordered something else because we didn't want to leave hungry.  Our snow peas were good.  I used their restroom and there were dead bugs on the floor which honestly turned me off a bit.    The service was good and the food came out quickly.  The restaurant was packed.  I guess my expectations were high but I'll probably never go back.
3 I've been wanting to try this place for so long and finally got to try it on a Wednesday night. I expected some waiting beforehand, and the hostess told us to wait for about 1 and a half hour. It turned out to be an hour. We got the text from the restaurant and showed up. The place was packed and busy. I was little surprised that they were this busy on a weekday night but the overall service was attentive and fast.  The interior is very cozy and interesting. There were a lot of old Chinese paintings which were showstoppers for me. The actual menu was small and it felt like a little booklet, which was so cute and unique! The tables were very close to each other, I felt very uncomfortable and crowded. The table itself was very small too.  We ordered Dan Dan noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, and Shrimp dumplings. They took soup dumplings out of the menu, so we ordered shrimp dumplings. The overall portion is very small. When I received all three of the dishes, I felt like I had to order some more.  However as we ate more, it was little too greasy for us so we couldn't finish the whole plate. I wish we had ordered some more veggies on the side because there was like only 3 leaves of veggie in Dan Dan noodles and non in Kung Pao or dumplings. However the flavor was very pleasing and chicken was so tender and well-seasoned.   I know it's a Michelin-starred restaurant and can say it's priced reasonably for its value, but I wouldn't wait again to dine in. I think it will be a great option for take-out (since they are doing that), but I would be little hesitant to recommend this place to dine in.
1 Ordered a lunch special today. It was braised fish with tofu. It was obviously not fresh made. I had diarrhea twice today after I ate that. Really really disappointing.
5 This place has never let me down, dine in or take out. I love how they do their steamed whole fish and the classic szechuan dishes are great as well. It terms of price it's not cheap but actually comparable / slightly cheaper than a couple of the other similar restaurants in the area. I'd highly recommend you check it out! The space is also quite nice.
4 The food was really good. Long wait and no where to sit which really sucked. But service was good and they were nice. A lot of stuff is spicy but they made it without spice, so they were accommodating!
4 To be honest, not a big Chinese fan AT ALL....but after serval big Chinese buffs told me this is their go to... I had to give it a shot...  Tried several things which did the job and tasted better than most. If I do return only recommend the Dan Dan noodles and the kung pao those were the two items I was thoroughly impressed with.   Also, we went at 5 pm (when they opened) and the entire restaurant was packed, quite impressive.
5 Best Chinese food I've ever had! If you're visiting NYC this is a must. The portions are very generous. We got the scallion pancakes, Kung Pao Chicken, and Shredded Beef with green chilies. When I return, I will be sure to visit again.
5 I've been here a few times now and have consistently had phenomenal meals, one of the best values I've found near midtown.   I'll almost always have the three pepper chicken as my entree, the chicken is lightly fried and juicy. The peppers provide a great kick and classic tingling sensation from the peppercorn. I wish there were a little more rice given to help balance it out as the flavor can be a little overwhelming as you go through the meal if it isn't cut with something else.   The service is fairly quick, but if you go at dinner time be prepared to wait a solid while. They'll text you when the table is ready and they tend to overestimate the wait time, but it has been worth it every time!
5 Ok.  Went with family.  Although can't say all we ordered. Everything was awesome!!! Tea smokes duck- amazing. Spicy chicken was full of chilies and Sichuan pepper. Again. Super taste. Kung Pao chicken to die for.  And I thoroughly recommend the Lucky Lychee cocktail. Visit this restaurant and simply enjoy!
4 I thought the pouring rain would deter people from trying this place, but I was very wrong. We had to wait about an hour and a half for a table of four on a weekday night. Fortunately, there are some great bar options nearby like the Ginger man!  We split a bunch of appetizers including the dan dan noodles, the cold noodles, spicy wontons and cucumbers! Like other reviewers, I liked the cold noodles better than the dan dan noodles, but they were both delicious. The table was split in half in regard to the spicy wontons. I was not used to the herbal taste, but others really loved it.  For the entrees, we got the double cooked pork, the duck and the infamous Szechuan fish. The duck seemed to be everyone's favorite. Some of the double cooked pork pieces were very salty and the fish dish was a little too spicy for me. I would come back to eat here again, but probably not any time too soon.
5 This is my favorite Asian restaurant to go to!! I could eat bowls and bowls of Dan Dan noodles!! The ribs with sticky rice were delicious! We also had pot stickers in chili oil and Chinese broccoli!! Loved every bite!
5 What a great meal! Had the eggplant, tofu and fish slices. Definitely deserves their Michelin Star and the drinks pack a punch too!
1 I ordered the sesame noodle and spicy wonton for take out a few days ago. Food overall is 3/5 but the waitress was way too rude. I'm ethnically mostly Chinese and I  just went out of work for the takeout and the waitress was rude to me like 10/5 bc I didn't speak Chinese to her. I hope I can get a chance to talk to her and these days she left a tremendous harsh trauma to me and I wanted to say you were too ugly to be rude at me. Hope she can see this. Have a good life.
1 I don't know why this place was ranked 4 stars. Totally not acceptable - both foods and services. The skin of eggplants was hard to chew, the skin of dumplings was super thick, and the dumplings were not too warm. Will not come back again.
5 The food hasnt even shown up and this place already gets 5 stars based on ambiance alone, most Chinese restaurants (in LA at least) are poorly lit and tacky in decor. Cant wait for the food to arrive but judging by the reviews I wont be disappointed.  Update: I may have tried true schezwan Chinese for the first time today, Ive read that the cuisine is known to be spicy in most dishes, whereas, the Californian version is sweeter to adjust to American pallates. We tried the kung pao chicken and ma pao tofu, although the chicken wasnt my favorite (I prefer Americanized versions), both entrees were delicious.
2 Not super authentic, and not spicy enough. I've had much better (and much cheaper!) Szechuan food in Flushing and Chinatown, but the premium seems to be for the atmosphere and the "reputation".  We ordered the pork in garlic dressing, the chungking chicken, the steamed eggplant szechuan style, and the mapo tofu. The pork was a clear favorite, with the steamed eggplant coming second. The chicken and tofu, however, were far behind. This was especially disappointing to me, as one of my all time favorites to get at any Szechuan restaurant is mapo tofu. This version was muted, and the sauce was thick but flavorless. I also enjoy all kinds of spicy chicken, but I feel like the Chungking chicken was more breading than chicken. The eggplant was pretty good and tender, but again did not have that much flavor. The pork appetizer was delicious! That is one thing we would order again.  Overall, the experience was quite disappointing. I don't understand why anyone would choose to order here instead of going somewhere more authentic and cheaper in Manhattan, of which there are many.
4 This place is crazy busy for dinner,  sounded like they only take reservation for party of 8 or more. Went in on a weeknight for dinner of 5 people and was told the wait to be 45-60 mins. Put my name and phone for call back, got a call in 15-20 mins that some reservation was cancelled and we could get a table if we were at the restaurant. Unfortunately, we weren't gonna stand around the restaurant for 45-60 mins, but went and got coffee. So I told the host over the phone that we wouldn't make it. Eventually got there 45-50 mins after, told them that our entire party was there. Waited for another 20-30 mins, which when checked, the host kept telling us the customers are paying or that they are cleaning the table, finally made a last call to leave in another 15 mins and we magically got a table within 10 mins after. So, wait time of almost 2 hours... Service was good as there are plenty of staff working. They were very good at refilling water and cleaning up plates between appetizers and entrees. The food were very tasty and flavorful, though I am not sure if it justified for the wait. Would definitely try again if it is less crowded, but took a star off because the host was a real betch to deal with... especially when she told us over the phone that if we passed on a table before our allotted time that we would have to wait additional 1-2 hours like it was our fault that other people's reservation got cancelled. She sounded very agitated that we weren't around on stand by for the table.
5 Best Chinese food in New York. Period. The Dan dan noodles are on another level. Every time I visit NYC I come here and that dish I've been dreaming about for months becomes a reality.   Attentive staff, great design and an orderly reservations system make this place stand out.
5 Food was wonderful and service was attentive. Came here right when they opened on a Saturday a couple weeks ago with a party of 6. The portion size was smaller than expected so make sure you order plenty, since all the dishes were tasty!
5 This is a place that serves authentic Chinese food. Fresh with a perfect blend of heat and packed with flavor. The wonton soup is simple and an outstanding way to start a meal.
1 Avoid this place if you want real Chinese food....This is not an authentic Chinese place. The food is not real Szechuan style. We ordered beef with green pepper. This is a typical Szechuan dish with heavy black pepper flavor. But they make it sweet.... The chicken with three types of chili is way too dry and chewy..
5 My fiance and I recently spent a month in China, and the food in Chengdu was my absolute favorite. We've been trying all the Sichuan restaurants we can, searching for some of the dishes and flavors we miss, and Cafe China is the definitive favorite so far. The Chongqing spicy chicken is addictively good, as are the mapo tofu and chili oil wontons. Cafe China is a perfect date night or group dinner place - trendy but still pretty casual, lively but not too loud to have a conversation. The only reason we don't come more frequently is because they don't take reservations and there is always a long wait. If you have some time, go put your name down, then have a beer at the nearby Gingerman until they text you that your table is ready.
5 Loved this place. It was packed at 3pm on a Sunday. But we did walk up and get a table for 2.  We got cold noodles Szechaun style and they were AWESOME (I'm pretty mild when it comes to spice so for me, they do have a spicy kick) We got wonton soup and garlic chicken, all so good.  Service was efficient and feelingly. Food came out as it was ready and we loved it! Afterwards we wish we would have ordered and tried even more!!
1 I used to LOVE this place. I've had my birthday there several times, brought friends and family, stopped in by myself for a bite at the bar whenever I could.  Even when the food started getting less consistent, I still chose it over the much-tastier Shezhuan Gourmet (RIP) because it was a sentimental favorite and it's one of my favorite rooms in the city.  So it saddened me enormously when the the last two visits in a row were so terrible.  Some is the vibe: instead of being relaxing, it felt like a hassle.  We either could not get a waiter's attention (for example, the cocktail I ordered when we SAT DOWN did not arrive until 1/2way through our meal--despite my efforts to get it), or we were rushed at a frenetic and disorganized pace.  Did things go belly up when they tried the tip-included pricing (which they've now abandoned)?  Both times, I just left feeling like I had to get out of the place just to get peace.  And the food: the dan dan noodles were terribly overcooked and mushy; the mapo tofu missing some essential ingredient; and last time, the scallion pancake was cold and insipid.   WHAT HAPPENED?  After the first real disappointment I gave it a second shot, but at these prices for this mediocre an experience, I can't really justify it any more.
4 Nom nom  Ordered take out the other night and the food was really good!  Dan dan noodles barelyyyy had any pork (probably a teaspoon of meat).  Spicy pork dumplings were really good. The cumin lamb was amazingggg.  Szechuan pork belly was perfectly cooked but I needed to dip it in the noodles/ dumplings to add flavor.  I plan on working my way through the menu so I would definitely recommend!
4 have ordered delivery but never been. delivery is great--my go-to for chinese delivery. love the ma po tofu
3 For us, this place did not live up to all the good reviews posted here by others. The mapotofu was gummy and could have used more spice. Even the dumplings in chili oil needed more kick.  But the spicy chicken with red chili was good. We're going to keep looking for a better Szechuan restaurant.
1 All I can say is beware!!! This place used to be one of my favorites, unfortunately not any more! Bad attitude & lack of management & Food is too salty & spicy ( and I know what Chinese cuisine is as I lived in China for a while )
2 I went back to Cafe China after 2 years. I was sadly disappointed by how much the quality of the dishes have diminished. Consistency is key to earning your stripes and accolades for years to come. I hope the restaurant takes this as constructive criticism. I was one of the last parties seated that night. The food was bland, tasteless and the quality of the chicken was so bad, half the party had an upset stomach the following morning.   We will start with the Good: - the scallion pancake was great - the cold noodle (best dish of the night) - could eat 3 bowls by myself   The Bad: - Bang Bang chicken wasn't cooked properly and resulted with 2 of our party very sick the next day, chicken tasted raw and smelled bad - Dan Dan noodle quality very low - almost like a cheap dry ramen noodle with no flavor. Had to request chili oil to make this worth eating - Mapo tofu was lacking in flavor. Usually this is my favorite dish. - 3 pepper chicken - no flavors. The chicken meat used again was very cheap. The price is high but the quality of the chicken wasn't good. It was overfried and hard like little stones.   Was this because it was the end of the night? Is that why the quality of food was so bad and bland? We couldn't even finish the food - we were bored. I was thinking about the rich Szechuan flavors I've had in China and other restaurants in New York. Whether you are serving customers during peak hours or end of the night, consistency is key. The service was good, but the food was underwhelming for us this time. I hope this is helpful.
5 Awesome place! We went here for lunch during lunch hour, it was crowded but we got a table for two pretty quick. I was afraid that it might be expensive since it got Michelin Star. Price is very reasonable and food is amazing! Loved it and definitely recommend anyone who wants some Chinese food to come try it out! Awesome place!
5 I've been here a couple times; first falling in love with ma po tofu and to this day, the taste lingers.  I stopped by the other day craving tea smoked duck and the waitstaff provided some great recommendations to compliment my entree.  I chose the pork dumplings with chili sauce as an appetizer and the seasoning tempered my craving for all thing spicy.  I also ordered tiramasu after my meal and had the right amount of sweetness.  I can't wait to come back and try other dishes like rabbit!
5 Great place for Sichuan style food! We got twice cooked spicy pork belly and braised white fish in peppercorn sauce. Both tasted great with white rice, and are spicy (as are most Sichuan style cuisines). Great ambiance with friendly service too. Overall a great experience.
3 I've been waiting to try this place for a while and finally made it in this week. Unfortunately I'm now on a fairly strict meal plan and I try not to cheat too much so while my friends all ordered tons of food, I ate some of the pork dumplings in chili oil and that was it. And they were...fine? They weren't anything extraordinary, I've had much cheaper, similar dumplings elsewhere in the city that were just as good. I did steal a few bites of one of the veggies they got (honestly have no idea which one, looked like cooked spinach leaves) and it was fine too. Not sure I can give a fair review based on only really eating one thing, but I don't really have a deep desire to go back now so this is the best I can do. We were in a large group and were seated at one of the large tables in the back. We were super smashed into the space and could have used maybe 2 of the larger tables pushed together, however they had saved us one larger table and a separate booth, without telling us that we'd have to split up when the reservation was made. We didn't want to split up, as it was a birthday celebration, so we really smashed in to the one table, it was pretty unpleasant.  Service was all over the place, they seemed a bit frazzled by our group which was odd because there were a couple other larger parties there as well so it seems a common thing. They couldn't seem to get us the right number of water glasses, plates, or menus and we kept having to ask for more. On the plus side once we ordered the food came super fast. Service otherwise was fine, our waters were constantly refilled, although we did have to get the waiters' attention for some things we needed, they didn't come by to check how we were doing once the food came. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals, although one of my friends told me that it's nowhere near her favorite Szechuan food in the city and that she finds it way overpriced. She eats this kind of food way more than me so I tend to trust her on things like this. We went on a Tuesday at 7:30 and it was packed inside, every table full and people waiting outside so I'd recommend a reservation or arriving early. Overall I had a really eh experience here and it didn't make me want to go back and try anything else. It wasn't bad, it just didn't live up to the hype for me.
1 Really disappointed. Dim sum and basic entrees were salty and stale tasting. Ordered lunch for work catering because of the location, but won't be going back.
1 Disappointed in the service here. It was my first time and I had heard very good things about the restaurant before coming here. For a Michelin one star restaurant, I was disappointed at how poor the service was handled here. We got in right at 11am when it opened on April 27th 2019 and was the first one in the door for a party of 3. A big table sat next to us in the back but they were distributing clothing which caused a lot of dust. The others I came with were sensitive to the dust.   The staff were not accommodating and would refuse to seat us at the front of the restaurant saying that it's only reserved for parties in even numbers and that the remaining tables of 4 were already all on hold. So instead we were moved to the very back which was still very close to the table with the dust.   I assumed a Michelin 1 star restaurant had better service. I was wrong.  Since I received a reply to my review by the owner, I'll update with my thoughts. The person cited that others weren't not distributed by the table causing the dust. I went with my parents who are both 60+ and as such their nose is much more sensitive to this. Also whether others around us were disturbed by the table in question doesn't in any way impact our unique situation. Either way , I'm mainly disappointed by the fact that a 1 star Michelin restaurant would not have better customer service especially for unique situations like this and the staff's attitude made it seem they weren't very interested in wanting to accommodate our move and brushed us off.
5 Was the second party seated on Sunday morning. The restaurant quickly became packed throughout our meal. I ordered the iced coffee, pretty standard. We ordered dim sum style and got the butternut squash soup, scallion pancakes, dumplings in hot oil, pork buns, bok Choy and rice. Everything tasted really healthy and fresh. I can't wait to be back and try the rest of the menu.
1 NOT KID FRIENDLY Simply put, if you have kids go somewhere else. Cafe China treats families terribly. Today, my PREGNANT wife and I were kicked out of their restaurant because we brought a small packed lunch for our 1 year old son. They insisted on "no outside food" and that they have plenty of "chicken and rice" options on their menu. Now if you've ever eaten there you know their foods are extremely spiced and flavored. Our son has a delicate stomach and needs to eat steamed chicken with rice. The Managers option "you can order white rice for him". Seriously? Also when your toddler is hungry you have to feed them right away, otherwise tantrum. Frankly, I shouldn't even have to explain this. It's just common sense and common courtesy. It's NEVER happened.    Now let's not confuse this post as retaliation for being kicked out by a tone deaf manager who lacks common sense. Aside from kicking my wife and child out for the crime of feeding hi, there are a variety of reasons why I caution against going here.   No high chairs, no boosters. This is NYC, cmon guys. You don't have to, but it would be nice. But again, not family friendly.   Also worth nothing that we asked for a table for 4 adults and our son. They sat us at a table for 4. What am I supposed to do, have dinner with my son on my lap? C-o-m-m-o-n   S-e-n-s-e  UPDATE: So instead of apologizing, you'd prefer to resort to dishonesty in order to discredit my review? Everything I have said is 100% true and fact. Nice try claiming I brought fried rice and whatever else for my son. It was white rice and steam chicken. My son doesn't eat baby formula, he's 21 months old so this "special exception" is pointless. My friends took us to your restaurant because they liked it. On average they have spent $200+ each time they have gone. But in your greed to make an extra $12 by forcing my to order your food to feed my baby, you've lost 4 customers for life. It's just bad business. Empathy costs exactly $0. A bad attitude and an intolerant and confrontational staff is incalculable. It's up to you what kind of establishment you want to be, but I assure you that when the cool factor wears off, you'll wish you had treated your loyal customers better.
4 Affordable, delicious Chinese food. My parents came here when they were in NYC, and they loved it. Given how picky they are about eating at Chinese restaurants, I knew I had to try it at some point. Color me surprised when I found out Café China even has a Michelin star.  We decided to come to Café China for lunch one day. Note that you can make reservations but the minimum is four guests for lunch and eight for dinner. Since it was just the two of us, we had to go in person and see what the wait time was. Thankfully, we were only quoted half an hour.   Once we were seated, we perused the menu and opted for dan dan noodles, pork dumplings in chili oil, braised fish filet with tofu, and a-choy. Every dish we ordered was under $20. Most entrées are under $30.  Although Sichuan cuisine is one of my favorite styles of Chinese cuisine, I find that many Sichuan-centric restaurants tend to overspice all the entrées or the food is entirely too oily. Café China is able to strike the right balance of flavors. Everything tasted delicious, but not overwhelmingly fiery, mouth-tingling, or greasy. Fresh, clean, authentic.  A quaint, nondescript place, one can easily overlook Café China without a second thought. But those people would be missing out. Highly recommend and would come back in a heartbeat.
4 I had lunch here with my friend and the food was good good.  It was pretty busy but we only had to wait a few minutes before they seated us.  The staff was pretty friendly.  We shared the soft shell crab and the pickle fish stew.  I liked them both but I liked the crab a bit more than the stew.  We got brown rice, and it was a little dry.  I'll cone again and try some new dishes next time.
5 Might be the best Chinese I've ever had. Spicy and delicious. Great service. Stylish comfortable decor.
5 Lived up to the hype for me. Came for a weekday lunch for two and had to wait 15-20 minutes which was fine in good weather. We ordered the double cooked pork and fish filet tofu lunch specials and started by sharing the Dan dan noodles. The lunch specials came with hot and sour soup which was a nice start, and the Dan Dan noodles came soon after. Our server mixed up the noodles for us and I noticed that there wasn't much meat but pretty much 95% noodles. Regardless, it was tasty. My favorite dish was definitely the spicy fish in that red tingly oil! Just the best feeling ever minus the sweats.
3 After reading the reviews on yelp, we decided to go here for an early dinner. There was a 10 'minute wait and service was pretty quick. We had their Dan Dan noodles, sautéed string beans, pepper chicken,King pao chicken and fried rice.I liked the Dan Dan noodles but wasn't happy with the two chicken entrees. Ended with their mochi for dessert which was good! Wouldn't go back as there are better Szechuan places in the city!
3 The service in this restaurant I'd give it a 5/5. Waiting line is organized everything ran smooth. But as for the food I expected more since it is Michelin rated. The food was good but it didn't give me a wow factor when it comes to taste, but maybe its because my expectations were high as it was my first time dining at a Michelin starred restaurant. I tried the tea smoked duck, it was a little bit dry idk if it was meant to be dry but in my opinion I could get a better duck dish somewhere in a lower price. Dan dan noodles and pork pot stickers was fire really loved the dimsum part. But overall I would recommend this place for experience!
3 Authentic great ingredients. Slow and poor service. Took a long time to come to my table and then forgot to bring the tea. Just had to ask them to remove it from the bill as we never received the pot for the table. Saved us 9$ though. Overall good food but poor service.
4 Once I heard about Cafe China, I knew I had to try it, given the reviews that it was getting. I've had takeout from this restaurant before, but anyone will tell you that takeout isn't the same as dine-in. If you're interested in trying Cafe China, just understand that unless you have a larger party, for which you can make a reservation, you'll be waiting in line for an hour at least around normal dinner time.  We ended up ordering the pork dumplings in chili oil, spicy beef tendon, dan dan noodles, three peppers chicken and sauteed string beans. I have to say that while the quality varied a little bit, everything was quite good. The pork dumplings, spicy beef tendon, and dan dan noodles were perhaps better than the entrees. While we didn't order any of the most expensive "showcase" dishes, we still ended up racking up a pretty nice bill, and left the restaurant pleased with our choice of dinner that night.
2 Service was.  Food wasn't great but not the worst. The portion of the dishes was small which make the price look super expensive.  I am not sure why this place has many good ratings. I didn't see anything special about this place. The line/queue was freaking long and they don't take reservation in general. The restaurant inside was tiny small. I had to dance in and out. Awww.    Well, there are so many great Szechuan restaurants in NYC nowadays with many good selections. I will go somewhere else better.  So I am not coming back. Go somewhere else better and stay away from here. BYE!
4 Authentic Chinese cuisine, albeit a little pricy. I would recommend coming with a group so that you can share dishes family style. I really liked the ma po tofu and the duck fried rice. The appetizers were also very good, but are small in serving. The spicy cumin lamb was a little too spicy for me (my spice tolerance is pretty low) and not as tender as I would have liked. You get a complimentary bowl of white rice per entree.   I would recommend making a reservation in advance since they can get quite busy sometimes. Their music choices are quite bizarre, it seems like someone created a fusion playlist of sad Chinese ballads and American pop songs.
5 I love the kongpao chicken and scallion pancake. Totally worth the 1 hour wait. One of the best szechuan food in new york.
5 Got here for lunch, waited for 30 mins and were seated. The braised pork belly with yacai mustard greens was amazing. So was the double cooked pork and the cocktail.  Just wish portion size is a little bigger because it's that good and I want more.
4 Very nice atmosphere and good cocktails to choose from for a Chinese restaurant. Definitely worth a visit.
5 This cafe honestly prepared one of the best meals I've ever had. Tip for you guys: come with a big group. We were able to get a bunch of dishes including their: fish stew, twice cooked pork, crispy chicken, spicy lamb, sichuan eggplant, husband/wife special, and the dan dan noodles. All were so good. Meat = tender, sauces were rich and not too salty. The spice level was just teetering on the edge of pain and full mouth anesthesia. No dish was bad, so if I had to pick one to give up, it would be tough but it would be the noodles as they just weren't as impressive as the rest. Expect a long wait unless you made reservations, kids.
5 Everything about our experience was perfect!  Based on a collection from someone local, we decided to explore this Michelin star gem. There was a short wait when we arrived but they seated us within 10 minutes. They are pretty strict with placing 2 person groups in the 2 seater tables and waiting for larger groups to fill the 4 tables.  Their cute menu is a cool photo book but no food photos.   We started with a sparkling chardonnay that was so yummy.  Their menu had a variety of foods.  We ordered some dim sum courses and then moved to a couple of main dishes. The crystal shrimp dumplings were SO amazing; shrimp was so tasty and there was probably 6 to this order. The pork pot stickers were in a tasty sauce and slurping the dumpling with the sauce was a much tastier way to eat it. Hubby went outside of his comfort zone and ordered the beef sautéed with chili's. He hesitated when the dish was placed in front of him because of the large amount of chili's.  He absolutely loved his dish.  I was thrilled to get the Kung Fu Shrimp: pan fried very large flavorful shrimps.  I'm not sure if people eat them whole(skin and all) but I peeled mine and wanted another plate full of this awesome dish.   Service was excellent. We never had an empty glass and the servers knew that one glass of sparkling would eventually lead to two. I'd definitely come back to enjoy the other dishes that I could not fit into my belly.
5 Café China is indisputably one of my favorite restaurants in New York, and certainly my go-to spot for Chinese spot in the country. Take advantage of their reservations (which they actually accept for as small as a table of 6 if you call in) as lines are typically lengthy for dinner, even on a weekday. I love coming with a group of friends so that we can split more types of food and it usually never goes over $30 after tax and tip, which is unreal in New York.   Some of my favorites include:  - Chungking braised fish in red soup: an amazing flavor combination with chili oil and peppers that can numb your mouth but you won't want to miss out. Comes with good chunks of fish, tofu, and bean sprouts - Dan Dan noodles: a classic noodle dish that comes in a peanut flavored chili oil sauce and minced pork - Dumplings in chili oil: definitely don't miss out on an incredible mix of dumplings perfectly covered in chili oil  - Sautéed string beans: can't go wrong with Chinese sautéed string beans to get in some more greens into your dinner  - Eggplant Szechuan style: this eggplant dish has forever changed the way I view this vegetable. Highly recommended if you can handle spice  - Mapa tofu: another classic that you should get if you can handle spice. Great flavors that you won't want to miss
5 To be honest I'm not the biggest fan of Chinese food, I eat it maybe 1-2x a year but my bf was craving it and I've heard amazing things about this place so we decided to get takeout from here and it did NOT disappoint! We ordered the scallion pancakes (average but good), Kung pao chicken (delicioussssss absolutely loved and the person spice) and the ma po tofu (absolutely amazing everyone needs to try this! You can taste the spice and basil so wonderful). Overall really loved this place and would definitely come back again.
5 We went in on a Saturday night at 4:30 so there was no line. Food was great dishes were out in no time and I was wondering how they could've done it. Fish was good sweet and sour and felt fresh. Lamb was spicy but tasteful, ambience was great,  not too noisy either. I've read previous post about waiters attitudes but the one that we got was pretty good. I will return.
4 FoodBaby eats at a lot of Chinese restaurants and there is a reason that Café China gets and approving thumbs up. In fact, in a city with hundreds of Chinese restaurants there are few that New Yorkers would wait two hours for a table. We will wait hours for a table at Cafe China. Why? Not because it has a Michelin star, but for the very reason that Michelin gave it that star. From a nondescript 37th Street we are transported back to 1930s Shanghai. The food, the cocktails, the decor and the music (if you can hear it over the din of the crowd) all tell you that you in Shanghai in its heyday. The experience is great but the food is the star. One note, if you don't want to wait or want to linger don't come.
5 Probably one of the best restaurants in the USA-  Michelin Award 2019. Many of my friends and I have been eating in this restaurant for over 12 years -there has never been a complaint against food or service. Mainland PRC visitors from Shanghai testify about the authenticity of the food. Here are some of my favorites Chinese dishes: 1. Spicey Diced Rabbit with bones.  2.Eggplant (both with Garlic as well as Sichuan Style  3. Sauteed string beans 4. Snow peas with Garlic   5. Tea Smoked Duck 6, Duck Tongue with Peppercorn 7.  Every one of the fish dishes, especially spicey baked fish Super choices of Tea, drinks, etc.  Also, the Lobster (2-3 Lb), as well as the Soft Shell  Crabs, are tasty. A few interesting desserts -e.g. Chinese sweet rice, Two notes: May I recommend avoiding busy hours M-F (12noon 2 pm; 5-8 pm) The owners are a husband-wife team- very brilliant and organized.  The Staff, efficient friendly- a host  Ms. Jeany You is extremely charming, efficient and gracefully dignified.   Lunch M-F prices are extremely reasonable.   China cafe  is near Ever Green Shanghai Restauarnt 10 E 38 streety.
5 Wow...I mean wow...'Athens I should use caps...WOW....or perhaps multiple times...WOW WOW WOW WOW.  Get the point.  This Michelin star gem is worth any wait.  The food is fantastic.  The tofu in Szechuan sauce is to die for as is everything else on the menu.    Show up, be patient, be well fed!  This place is a must visit in NY.
3 Meh!!! Nothing exciting about it to be brutally honest. I've had way better pork dumplings in chili oil back in LA and even other parts of chinatown or ktown. Most of all, the texture of in 3 pepper chicken grossed me and my bf out
2 Beyond disappointed at the quality of the food considering it's a Michelin rated restaurant with 4 stars on Yelp. Definitely not worth the hype. The ingredients were not fresh.   Ordered the twice cooked pork and it had that "refrigerator taste." Not sure if the food was reheated after being in the fridge because it came out no more than 15 minutes after we ordered it. It was gross.   The green beans were no better. Also had a "refrigerator taste." The server said they don't refrigerate their green beans because they receive them daily, but they were definitely not fresh.   Chungking braised fish stew was good and the service was polite, so I'm giving them two stars instead of one. However, this restaurant needs to be consistent and not serve old food. It's not fair for tourist like us who come to this restaurant, out of the many options we have.
5 Visited New York for few days and checked this spot out! Staff was very friendly and was a fun environment. Would definitely recommend!!!
1 Ordered delivery and it was a truly tragic sight. Sechuan chicken was 70% sechuan peppers and 30% dried out pieces of chicken. Dan dan noodles with pork came without pork, completely bland and with a side of sauce.   Was this food or an April Fool's joke?
3 The food here is very good - it is the service that is lackluster.  We had an unfortunate experience whereby they did not accept a gift card given to us when we had an issue with an overcharge on our credit card at China Blue (their sister restaurant).  The team at this restaurant needs to understand what it means by 'customer first'.
4 This place deserves to be Michelin 1 star. Food was amazingly good. We ordered sweet potato pancakes, pickled fish stew, sautéed veggies and Kung Pao chicken.This was the best kung pao chicken I have had till now. I usually don't like stew but this one had such great flavors that I devoured my entire bowl of stew. It had a very distinctive sour flavor because of pickled cabbage in it which blended well with the perfectly cooked fish fillet. Taking off one point because it was very crowded and there was a long waiting time after which we shared a table with other folks. Plus they don't take reservations.
3 The standard has been compromised. But for its price point and taste, it's pretty good. Turn around if you are expecting a Michelin star Chinese restaurant.
4 We came here during lunch time. They were busy.  Were told waiting time was 20 minutes but we only waited for a few minutes. We ordered dan dan noodle, tea smoked duck, potato salad and braised pork szuechan style. They all were very flavorful and tasty. They have big menu. Will come back when we are back to NYC
5 Such fabulous little place.  Everything we tried was amazing. The dim sum treated as good as it looked! Try the Chengdu wontons and the pork out pot stickers.  We also got the sole but think we should have gone with the fish blossom.  It is served with the head, which pot me off a little bit, but looked delicious otherwise.  The spice level was just right and each fish had a unique flavor to it.  Will definitely go back to try out other things on the menu.
3 This place was average at best and didn't really meet my expectations. We ordered the dan dan noodles, scallion pancake and kung pao chicken to share between two people. The Dan Dan noodles werent very flavorful, scallion pancakes were okay and the Kung Pao chicken was too salty. Their portions are small compared to their prices and the food came out cold as if it was sitting out for a while. Overall, the food was very much average and the place is overhyped for the amount of time you have to wait to be seated. I've definitely had better Szechuan food for a fraction of the price elsewhere.
5 So I reluctantly came to Cafe China after eating ten dumplings, two slices of giant deep dish pizzas, cheesecake, ice cream, and very little break time in between for digestion. But my friend really wanted to come, and there was no better time to go, so I came to the conclusion that being too full was ultimately a good problem to have and sucked it up.   We went on a Sunday night at 6:30pm, and had a 20 minute wait. I knew this place would be good within the first five minutes we sat down because the chefs were not only also Chinese, but also had Chinese rap blasted through the speakers in the kitchen. Can't name a better authenticity check than that. We had the Pork in Garlic Dressing, Sautéed Green Beans, and Double Cooked Pork, all of which are Sichuan classics, with a pot of jasmine tea. I'm Taiwanese, but I came with a Sichuan friend, so my authenticity test is definitely credible here. My favorite dish was the Pork in Garlic Dressing, and I'll definitely be getting that again the next time I go. The Sautéed Green Beans were good, but both my friend and I thought it could've been slightly more flavorful (probs wouldn't get next time.) The Double Cooked Pork was good and full of 豆瓣醬 flavor (tru homie if you know what that is), which according to my Sichuan friend, means that it's authentic. He also mentioned that truly authentic Double Cooked Pork should be slightly curled because of some crazy science/temperature/cooking stuff, and Cafe Chinese's was notably all straight, but despite that, we both thought it was delicious and that's what matters. Overall, the food was so good that I forgot that I was even stuffed before trying out the restaurant.   2 approval ratings divided by 3 total dishes = 66.66%. 5 divided by 5 = 100%. What kind of curve was applied here to make a 67% equal to 100%? When you find out, please let me know, because I need to use that type of weighting in school. But in the Yelp world, this exists because I had an overall 5/5 experience at Cafe China. Sure, I've had better green beans elsewhere that wasn't a 5/5 restaurant, but the environment, ambiance, friendly servers, very very very good Pork in Garlic Dressing, and near perfect Chinese-speaking Americans sitting next to us really made up for it and convinced me to want to go again and give the other dishes a try.
3 YIKES!  Did a new chef start here?   Always my tried and true as a dine in patron and on seamless-except for tonight.    I had a sugary interpretation of Kung pao chicken via seamless delivery.  As if I was in Panda Express's buffet line.   Some diced dried chili peppers but a very gloppy sweet sauced chicken with so little real heat or flavor.    Dan dan noodle was similarly lackluster. At least sauced properly, but where was the heat or the Sichuan peppercorns?  I'm going to assume that tonight was an aberration. Please do better.
4 I came in for a quick dinner and was seated quickly because I had a small party. I ordered the scallion pancakes and the vegetable potstickers, which were both delicious and rich with oil (that could be good or bad, depending on how you feel). I highly recommend getting some chili oil and mixing it in with the sauces the dishes come with. The sauces they provide are pretty sweet in my opinion, so adding the chili oil gives a good mix of sweet and spicy.   I loved the vibe of the restaurant, it was full of young people and many of them spoke Chinese. The waitstaff were also all young and Chinese. It reinforced the authenticity of the food. Would recommend to people looking for good Chinese food in the area.
5 Excellent, authentic Chinese food in a boisterous midtown restaurant.  We ordered a variety of dishes and each was wonderful.
4 Really good place, been there once and will definitely head back there again. There is a ling line to get a table but definitely worth the wait. Amazing green tea icecream for dessert.
5 Great food and excellent service in a fabulous atmosphere.   We ordered the mouth watering tender pork dumplings in chili oil and deliciously tender tea-smoked duck.
5 Awesome food and service. Strongly recommend this restaurant if you live or stop by NYC. Great experience and prices are more than reasonable. Don't miss it.
3 The pork dumplings in Szechuan oil were worth the visit; truly the best ever, so delicious. The Crystal Shrimp dumplings however were made with shrimp (and maybe more generally seafood) ground up balls, and no whole shrimp as is more common; meh. The Szechuan filet of sole was ok but definitely made from tilapia (the fish they use for two whole fish dishes) so that was downright dishonest. And yet I would return and try another dish and maybe voice a complaint but today I didn't want to ruin my date.
4 Whenever I'm in NYC, an order of duck fried rice is my go-to takeout/delivery dish. Based on the richness of the duck, I understand keeping this dish simple. However, sometimes the oiliness of the dish can be overwhelming. Oftentimes, it's just right. I guess it just depends on the day/chef.
5 One of my favourite places in new york. Big menu where you can try all sorts of things.  Love the Szechuan concept ans the kung pao chicken is amazing. The garlic cucumbers are a must. The dan dan noodles as well.
2 Was totally excited about eating at this place based on yelp reviews but when I finally ate here was disappointed by the tiny portions/price ratio. If the food was outstanding then would never refer to the price/portion ratio.   So besides the nice decorum and authentic like you are in China vibe, do not understand the hype about this place.
4 Always busy. Always crowded. Always good. The salt and paper shrimp and the lamb with cumin are must haves. For dessert, i had this white mocha-like balls with sweet sesame paste inside (i am assuming) on a clear broth that was very unique(also a must try). This is the kind of place I wish to return until I eat every item on the menu.   Service is efficient.
4 We came here without a reservation and ended up waiting for about an hour. Be aware that when you finish your meal, they will try to rush you out, where in our case they grabbed the bill and payment super fast and we felt quite hurried.  The food though was delicious. We had the dan dan noodles, chungking spicy chicken, and the spicy cumin lamb. All three were delicious! The dan dan noodles were well made with a great texture and flavor profile.  The Chungking spicy chicken was like a dish of fried chicken mixed with the Szechuan spicy peppers and tasted quite good.  The spicy cumin lamb was also very well made and was seasoned beautifully. You could taste the quality and smell the spices in each bite!  Overall delicious food at reasonable prices for the quality!
5 The food is delicious. Service is great. So good! Don't know what to order? Get the pork dumplings w/ chili sauce and the Dan dan noodles to share. Get some tea-smoked duck in your life too!
5 Too good. It was 4 of us, we ordered 4 dishes and shared each one. Overly stuffed. Flavor was above and beyond. Worth the wait.
3 Michelin...Smeshelin. When you arrive to the place they have their long window of Michelin stickers which ia probably well deserving. Unfortunately i went with the recommended dish that the waitress said was their staple. The chungking chicken! Very underwhelming.   Bruh.... tiny bits of chicken fried too hard and served with a ton of sliced chillies. Atleast the pork dumplings, noodles and alcoholic drinks were good
4 really good szechuan food. salty but that's expected of this type of cuisine. classic chinese restaurant with good food and rude clientele and staff and i mean that as a term of endearment
5 Have been here twice for lunch.  Both times I got the three-pepper chicken.  Came with rice and a spring roll.  The chicken dish is the real deal mala spicy.  Probably the best mala in Midtown. Great numbing and tingling. Will get this everytime I go.  I also have tried the Beef Sauteed in Pickled Chili and it was only okay.  Will not get that again.  I only wish they put their Chungking Spicy Chicken on the lunch menu.  Service was good.  They refilled the water quickly.
5 5 Stars for this Szechuan place?  You bet! - Honestly, probably some of the best Szechuan I've had! - Came here on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and the place was hopping! - No, you are not coming here for atmosphere....that doesn't mean it is bad, instead- be prepared for a tight restaurant that can be somewhat loud - Service?  All good!  On to it, the food! ----OMG, terrific!!!! - Food is served "family style" and comes to the table, when ready - My recommendation is to try lots + over order, as everything we had was outstanding! - Dim Sum?  Yes please! - Entrees?  You bet! - Sides?  Of course, order them up!  Your call, but I wouldn't bother with the low reviews here....as they are focused on things like "they told me I'd be seated in 20 minutes, but 60 minutes later, I'm still waiting!"  Blah, blah, blah!!!!    If you are in the neighborhood + up for some solid Szechuan, do it!!!
4 Really really delicious Szechuan food. It reminds me a lot of my mom's cooking. A lot of great vegan and vegetarian options.   The ambience was nice, the decor was cute and has a lot of timey photos from China.   I ordered the baby cucumbers that are mixed with vinegar and garlic. It's one of my favorites. The shredded potato was so good as well. I finished the entire dish. Mapo tofu isn't my favorite, but they did a great job in making it as authentic as possible. There was a thick layer of oil on top, but the sauce was great. The eggplant was spicy and seasoned very well.  The portions are pretty small which is perfect. We got to order a bunch of dishes without feeling too overwhelmed.   There wasn't a dish that I was disappointed with.
1 【Forced to give extra tips】【强制多收小费】 The one star is for the food and speed. The waiter came back and ask for extra tips after we give fair tips，like more than 10% for lunch(the service is ok but not that good) 这家店收小费是用透明玻璃杯收 在我们给完小费还没走的时候服务员就过来把杯子拿走然后又返回说我们给的太少 要求多给小费（我们按照正常午餐标准给了10%以上的小费 并不是他所说的非常少）态度很差 这样不礼貌的行为让我对这家店的印象很糟糕
3 Too be honest, this place was pretty good. The fish blossom was awesome :) We also got the Mapo tofu, scallion pancake, tea leaf smoked duck, Achoy and jellyfish. Good food and decently priced, service was solid; I'm only rating 3 stars because it is a Michelin star restaurant.  Now don't get me wrong, I would come back but the dishes we had tonight wasn't some of the best Chinese Szechuan dishes I've had. The duck was pretty salty, mapo tofu was also a bit too oily.  On the plus side, we were told we would have to wait an hour and was accommodated within 30 mins which was really nice on a Saturday night. They don't do reservations so was thrilled about that.
4 Stopped by Cafe China for dinner on a Saturday night @ 5:30. For a party 4, the hostess said there would be a ~30 minute wait so we put our names down. After about 5 minutes we got a call and hurried back to be seated. Nice!  The ambience of the spot is homey with an authentic Sichuan feel. It's a narrow space so get ready to finesse your way through the restaurant to make it to your seat. The menu comes in a cute little book and is lengthy. There's all of the standard Sichuan appetizers: we went with the Husband & Wife Lung Slices (don't worry these aren't actually king slices, it's tripe!), Garlic Cucumber, Sichuan Chicken in red oil sauce.  All were delicious; held true to the Sichuan taste, but nothing astounding. The Sichuan Chicken in red oil sauce was the best out of the apps.  For mains we got the shredded potato, mapo tofu, chinese broccoli, and eggplant. I love mapo tofu and China Cafe does it right. It's a bit oily but has a thick sauce at the bottom that packs a punch. This went perfect with the side of brown rice (yes they have brown rice!) and coupled beautifully with the other entrees.  The food comes out fast. My one qualm is the portions are on the smaller side: so order extra!
4 It's true that not everyone gets what they want all the time. But I'm too stubborn, and sometimes a little too arrogant, to let that sit well with me. I always want and demand the best version of something (how highfalutin of me). And while chasing perfection is a frivolous affair, that still doesn't stop most of us from wanting it, needing it, yearning for it and going after it. Walking into a @michelinguide rated restaurant can give you the illusion that you're just bites away from the best version of that thing that they have that you want. I wanted duck and Cafe China had an incredible tea roasted duck that I spent too much time worrying about how I'd feel after I'd finish it. I wanted dan dan noodles and I couldn't eat theirs fast enough. I craved pork in garlic sauce and the hearty serving still wasn't enough. Maybe that's the thing with perfection...it's hard to ever be satiated by it because you just keep wanting more.  SWIPE
5 Food was outstanding, spicy without being too spicy. Well deserving of its Michelin star. First time I went, the line was out the door for dinner so I came for lunch at 11:20. By 11:45, the restaurant was full so get there early, make a reservation or be prepared to wait.
4 I came here once with my cousin for a nice lunch break - food was good but a bit overpriced but that's NYC for ya! I like the double cooked pork a lot. I tend to eat that with rice and bok choy. Atmosphere is great - love the modern look. I do prefer a Chinese restaurant a few blocks away from this one but they are close me for renovations. This will do for now.
2 Chicken was so dry. I ordered three dishes so it was not just my meal. Really confused how this restaurant has such good reviews...
5 A gem, undiscovered to many, yet loved by many. It's quaint, unpretentious and bursting with life. The recreation of another time and epoch, a time when western cinema was spreading through Shanghai and artifacts of the western world would be as unobtrusively present in Cafes as they are here.  Part I: Impressions Stepping in, there is a line, with anxious faces trying to score a table. With a reservation, no need to wait. Simply flag down one of the rapidly maneuvering hostesses and the experience will initiate. There are movie posters lining the walls, an atmosphere that isn't too noisy, but still lively. There are scents of Schezuan spices filling the air, the Shanghai noodles being pulled apart by hungry faces and an unmistakable feeling of coziness.  Part II: Flavors Starting off with Shanghai noodles, it's a phenomenal dish. The won ton soup is also to be rivaled with, filled with big delicious dumplings. That's good and all, but from the onset, I was here for one thing. The tea smoked duck. It was tender, juicy, with delicious fatty skin and truly a gem of a preparation. The dish was truly special, very high quality duck and heartfelt preparation turned this into a true masterpiece. The kung Pao Chicken shared at the table was phenomenal as well.  Part III: Satisfaction The portions are fit for an emperor here. One can fit two hungry stomachs, thus planning accordingly would have been wise. I left here stuffed, with enough food for several more meals in takeaway boxes.  In many ways, the restaurant embodies the most beautiful thing about New York, the existence of unique niche restaurants like this that would be difficult to imagine anywhere but here.
4 I ordered lunch special from Postmates for this place. I had the fish and it's so stink and not fresh at all.  Updated - The owner said they changed the fish's brand it the issue should be resolved. Looking forward to the new taste.
1 Don't want to be biased if I was only here once, so after not so good experience the first time, I purposefully chose this place again to see whether it deserves a 4 star. Apparently, this 2nd time experience was even worse than the 1st one. The waiters gave wrong dishes for THREE times, forgot one of our dishes, even took us 30 mins to get the bill, and even we did get the bill eventually, it was the wrong bill. Now it comes to the taste of the food. If the food taste good, I don't mind being served badly. But this is the greatest disappointment. There is no steamed buns anymore. The pumpkin soup has definitely no taste of pumpkin. The portion of the short ribs was largely smaller than the same dish ordered by the next table, the steamed whole fish was too salty. The only good thing was the desserts - coconut sorbet and tiramisu. This has been consistent experience comparing to my 1st visit, so I don't think I'll ever come back again.
4 I simply loved this place and the long wait was so worth it . We did not make any reservations (which  is a must ) and had to wait at the tiny bar for about an hour . We enjoyed a few cocktails while waiting but this place is all about good food !  For food , we ordered the pork dimsums which were nothing extraordinary but decent . However ,the chungking chicken ( popular here )  and the vegetable fried rice  is to die for . The portion size is decent and the michelin star it has is  so well deserved . I am definitely coming back here the next time I am in New York.
2 Tried this place on a recent trip to NYC. Ordered a few of the most common Sichuan dishes: dumpling with chili oil, dan dan noodles, and "shredded pork in garlic sauce". Let's just say I have had much much better Sichuan food, even home made Sicuhan food! I gave it 2 stars solely because the chili oil was decent-it has a nice aroma to it. Besides that, the dan dan noodles is overly too sweet and lack the savory-numbing-umani flavor. And it doesn't contain the right ingredients either-not enough garlic or sesami dressing, and no pickled vegetable at all. Yet the worst was the shredded pork. The portion was small. All the ingredients were cut too thick; the bamboo was not even cut into same-sized pieces. No pickled chili flavor at all, just the generic sweet soy American Chinese taste. Overall my experience was not great, and I don't plan to eat there ever again. There are plenty of Sichuan restaurants in Manhattan and Flushing that has lower ratings on Yelp that offer way better food.   I later learned that the restaurant received a Michelin star. I am baffled; is Michelin guide trolling us all?
4 The food itself is quite flavorful, yet not overpowering.  Have had the double cooked pork, dan dan noodles, among other dishes.  I'd say my my only complaint for the restaurant is that for the same price, it's not filling, and I've left each time feeling like I could eat more.
4 Had an amazing dinner here after a 2.5 hour wait on a Friday evening. Should I say totally worth it, perhaps, but order your rice people. Or you can have the Dan Dan noodles, but you'll end up ordering more. Dan Dan is Dan x2 because you'll never order just once.  I'm definitely coming back here. It is worth the buzz and experience. Can you having Cafe China cravings? Yes. Can you have it elsewhere? No. Can you come back and wait longer? Possibly. But is it worth it? Definitely.  So what're you waiting for? Make a reservation! Oh wait no, they don't take such things. They accept credit cards though. And they'll eventually kick you out once you're done with your meal. But  no hard feelings y'all, you gotta clear out quickly, otherwise people wait too long.
1 This review is written entirely on the customer service experience. We have eaten many many times at this eatery.And the food has ranged from stellar to blah. However today,we placed a large order online at 9:30 am and then at 11:45 am received an order cancellation email. Upon calling the establishment,I was merely told the kitchen is closed and no more orders were being taken. My reasoning is if an order was accepted,it should be delivered. No effort was made to rectify the situation.
1 Horrible service! I got here well before they close and was turned away. I cannot believe the treatment. Have been to plenty of Michelin rated restaurants and this has to be the worst. Will never go back nor will I bring my clients here ever again. Complete shit for service and hospitality....don't go
4 Just tried Cafe China for the first time and it was delicious! Friendly environment and the decor was very traditional. My friend and I ordered the Kung Pao chicken, pork dumplings and the braised pork. I can do without the braised pork, the texture just wasn't for me but my friend enjoyed it. I gave this place a 4 out of 5 because towards the end when we were finishing up our food, it felt like we were being rushed out to let the next group sit down. All in all it is definitely a place I would go to again.
5 Came for a bday dinner for 10 people and feasted! Cafe China is my favorite Chinese restaurant in NYC because (1) the food is consistently excellent (2) the ambiance is nice enough for dates and for the parents (3) the menu is easy to decipher (4) the service is friendly and helpful.   Go-to recommended dishes include:  Dandan noodles (4/5): I cannot resist. It's not too spicy but has good flavor. They mix it up for you so you can enjoy every springy noodle coated in sauce.   Tiger Salad (4/5): essentially a cilantro salad that is sorta spicy and refreshing.   Baby Cucumber (5/5): basic, but somehow they make it better than I ever can. The sauce is so garlicky and flavorful.   Fish Blossom (5/5): sweet and sour fish. A whole fish is battered and fried and looks magnificent like a "squirrel's tail" with pieces sticking out. The glaze is pretty irresistible and I end up picking pieces off until the end of the meal.   Spicy Cumin Lamb (5/5): my favorite way to eat lamb, with tons of cumin and spice to combat the gaminess. A great way to down some rice.   Shredded pork in garlic sauce (5/5): this is not takeout garlic sauce, but rather a tangy sweet and sour sauce that's complex, fragrant and delicious - sauteed with very thinly sliced pork and veggies.  Double cooked pork (4/5): double cooked means it's not too fatty, and not too meaty with the other mix-ins.   Snow Pea Shoots with Garlic (5/5): grateful they don't charge $25 for these delicious veggies. Pea shoots always have a place at my table.   Sauteed String Beans (5/5): stir-fried blistered string beans with minced salted vegetables and garlic - not so simple as it sounds, and definitely not boring.   Fried Rice (5/5): it is just fried rice, but who doesn't love fried rice? It's perfectly seasoned, surprisingly light, and not oily.   Eight Jewel Rice (5/5): I ended up eating half the plate and wanting more. There is something so good and comforting about soft sticky rice with a layer of sweet red bean paste.   Sweet Potato Pancakes (5/5): fried crisp on the outside and glutinously chewy inside, and never too sweet.    Others:  Slow-braised ribbonfish (4/5) is a Shanghai specialty. Served chilled, this fish is more sweet than spicy, the flavor permeates through all the meat. Watch for the bones - but it's definitely worth a try! Braised fish stew, Red Style (3.5/5) is a classic and popular dish, this one is good but doesn't have as much flavor as other places. Ma Po Tofu (3.5/5) - I don't remember this that well and it's not usually something I'm excited to get, it's just there and it's pretty good. Tea Smoked Duck (3.5/5) was good, but just not quite as tasty as some other things here. Not a bad order if you're craving duck. I'd pass on most of the dimsum dishes because that is not their strong point. I love the rice wine soup (5/5) but it's also something you can make at home easily.
4 Been wanting to have dinner at the only Chinese restaurant in NYC that got Michelin Star & I finally made it! My recommendation, their Dandan Noodles is made in heaven!!! Spicy Chengdu Wontons is also delicious & their cocktail, just don't miss it! I had Lucky Lychee & I feel indeed lucky!
4 I got a tofu dish that was described as hot so I asked for mild heat. Thank goodness cuz it still made my mouth numb. If you like that then you will be happy. It was very good and we got dumplings that we really liked. My mate's dish was tofu with pork. The pork was very flavorful and fatty kind of like bacon but thicker. I could have used more rice to cut the intense flavors. I got a little "over" the dish about 3 quarters of the way through because it was just a bunch of tofu and hot numbing sauce. Try getting two very different dishes with a friend and share for the variety. It is worth going and not too expensive. My red house wine was good. We waited about 30 mins while walking the neighborhood. They sent a text but don't go too far because if you take too long they give away your table. The young lady at the door was lacking in grace and professionalism. She was perhaps to young for the position and did not take it seriously. She was too blase and a poor introduction to the place.
5 The food is so good and is so well priced. Really great experience. Definitely try the spicy foods
4 Have been wanting to try this place out for a very long time.  The atmosphere is warm and cozy and some what traditional. We were a group of 3 and we walked in around 6pm and we were seated without a wait.   We got the eggplant, fish soup, dumpling, Shumai kind of thing.   The fish soup was DELISH! They had the flavor of MALA which had a intense numb which I loved. The soup was flavorful and perfectly seasoned.   The egg plant was OH MY GOD! One of the best dishes I've had. The flavor was simple yet so complex and the texture of the egg plant was cooked perfectly.   The only reason why I gave this place a star off was because the service was a bit slow even tho it wasn't busy at all. Our waters weren't filled up and the servers didn't clean our table.
4 Food was good for midtown Chinese food standard. Environment was chic and clean. Business lunch is cheap and good.
3 Don't know where the Michelin star is from. I'm Chinese and this is at best mediocre Chinese cuisine. If you have a foreign palate you might not agree with me, thus feel free to try it out. But fellow Chinese: the Michelin is ranked by foreign judges, and for this venue, I do not think their opinion aligns with the majority of the Chinese. Thus proceed with caution and don't have too high of expectations.
5 I love Szechuan food. But Szechuan food doesn't love me. Every time I'll be so excited to try the food, only to be mocked and ridiculed and sobbing because I can't feel anything in my  mouth anymore. It's okay, I still love the food no matter how many times I get burned.   Jokes aside, the food was great. Me and my friend came the day after the "storm" so it was virtually empty. We got the eggplant, scallion pancake and the pepper chicken. Pancakes were like chips. Kept eating them till it finished. Very addicting. The eggplant was sitting in a broth of hot chilli oil, so it was hot in temperature and flavor. The chicken was so hot. We asked them to make it a bit milder and it still burned my mouth. I'm a disgrace to my nationality.   Loved it though. Food was really flavorful. I'll be back to try more of the menu.
4 I have visited Cafe China a few times, and each time I have been satisfied with my overall experience. The food is always of high quality and tastes great. This most recent visit, my mother and I ordered three lunch specials because she wanted meat AND vegetables and I was keen on getting my own meat. That was the right choice since the two of us finished everything, though I definitely ate about 2 out of the 3 and was a bit uncomfortably full for the next hour or so (whoops). The first entree is the braised fish filet with tofu. This dish is probably my favorite, since the fish is beautifully soft and the sauce is just the right amount of spice. The tofu complements the whole dish very well. Next is the sweet and sour baby ribs. The meat was soooo tender and each piece fell right off the bone. The only slight issue I had was that they tasted a bit too sour, but that may just be my personal preference. Finally, we also ordered the snow pea shoots with garlic (the veggie to please the mother). It was very light and tender, perfect for complementing the stronger flavors of our other dishes. The portion was a bit small for the price of the veggies.  The place is very nicely decorated, replicating what I believe is Shanghai during the early 20th century. I do think it could use a bit more lighting (so I can take pictures of my food...bahaha). Service was good; not at the level of a typical Michelin-starred restaurant, but this isn't a typical Michelin-star restaurant. Given it does have a Michelin star, the price point is actually extremely reasonable, even if we had to order three lunch specials.  Food: 4.5/5 Ambiance: 4/5 Service: 4/5 Price: 5/5 Overall: 4.5/5
4 Nice Chinese restaurant in NYC. Very crowd so reservation is recommended. Not very spicy as. Sichuan food but still good in taste.
5 Who has two thumbs and can now say they've eaten at a Michelin star restaurant? THIS GUY.  My friend and I came here at 8pm on a Saturday night. The crowd around the entrance was a bit intimidating, but the wait was ultimately not unbearable, coming in at about 45 min before we were seated. We had beers at the bar for part of the wait, I wish they had more bar space to pass the time rather than having to find another bar nearby.  But on to the important stuff - the food. My friend and I each got a wonton soup to start, then split scallion pancakes and Dan Dan noodles. The wonton soup was definitely the best I've had in NYC, with lots of flavor in the broth and no shortage of wontons filling my bowl. The scallion pancakes and the noodles were also great, and I would definitely recommend telling them to make the Dan Dan noodles spicy when you order.  We also split an entree, the tea smoked duck. I could taste that Michelin star in every bite. The duck was perfectly crispy on the outside and tender inside, cooked bone-in for even more flavor. And it came with a rich plum sauce that went really well with that delicious salted meat. I would definitely get this dish again in a heartbeat.  With all the food and a beer each, this meal came to just about $40. Not bad for a top notch culinary experience! If you don't mind a bit of a wait, this is absolutely a restaurant that should be on your list.
5 We came here for lunch on a Saturday to see if it is worth the Michelin star hype. It is. As a Chinese American who lived in China for 10 years of my life, I can say that this restaurant's food is indeed authentic.   We got the spicy cumin lamb, braised fish filet with tofu, pork dumplings with chili oil, and pork sandwiches. The spicy cumin lamb was my favorite. The lamb was cooked to tender perfection, seasoned with just the right mix of cumin and chili peppers, and had just the right level of spiciness. The braised fish filet tasted like something my parents would cook for me at home. It was burns-so-good spicy. The juice was a good consistency - not too liquidy, a good amount of starch to hold the flavors together. The pork dumplings with chili oil had good flavor, but the filling was a bit overcooked and dense. And as for the pork sandwiches, it wasn't actually a sandwich - it came in a buttery soft bun wrapped around pork belly and greens - but it tasted like something out of my childhood.  I highly recommend, if you're looking for as close to authentic Sichuan cuisine as you're going to get in NYC.
5 My old office used to be 2 doors down but I never tried it. Though, I have heard my coworkers eat there. I've been meaning to try but never got a chance. Finally a close friend of mine suggested we should go and well, here we are! Before I came to the restaurant, I researched a little of their menu and I didn't realize it was a Michelin Star Restaurant! I was like ok, I need to try this place at least once. So we decided to go on Friday evening, right after work so it was around 5:30pm when we reached the spot. I thought there was going to be a long wait but luckily we were seated for 2 right away. As soon as I stepped in, the tables were pretty much full. The place is dimly light so definitely good for a romantic evening.  To start off our dinner, we got Dan Dan Noodles and pork dumplings in chili oil. The waiter came and mix the Dan Dan noodles so all the noodles and sauces were equally mixed, which I thought was pretty nice! Pork dumpling alone is nothing special but the sauce, OMG the sauce, it's delicious! Don't get me wrong, Dan Dan noodle was delicious too! Then we ordered Spicy Cumin Lamb and Beef sautéed with tree mushrooms, both dishes were cooked just right and I love it. I personally love the lamb dish more cuz of the spiciness but at the same time it was not too spicy. However, my friend couldn't handle it much since she's not used to eating spicy food. Beef dish was less spicy than the lamb dish so my friend definitely liked that one. Then we had Green Tea Sorbet with red bean mochi to finish the night! Desert was just right and a great way to end the evening. Overall, it was a really delicious dinner! The bill came out to $86 with tax and tip included for 2 people. I think it's a bit pricey but hey it is a Michelin Star so can't complain and the portion was more than enough for us 2 ladies. Will definitely take my family and my bf here next time!
4 Staple in the heart of midtown serving solid Sichuan style classics and craft cocktails. The interior is unlike any Chinese restaurant I've been to, with vintage decor and dim mood lighting. It's crazy to me that you can order their Michelin-star food for take out.   We walked in before 6 on a busy Sunday night and were able to be seated in less than 30 minutes. A good chance for a beer at the bar.   For us, the dishes were largely hit or miss. The hits: spicy noodles, Kung Pao chicken, mouthwatering chicken. The less stellar: steamed eggplant, tea-smoked duck. What Cafe China does very well in their hits is packing flavor without drowning everything in a heavy, cornstarchy sauce like many other Chinese spots. Fresh high quality ingredients are standard. The issue we had with the eggplant was that while the peppers on top packed a punch, they weren't particularly flavorful, over bland, barely salted eggplant. The duck had a great flavor but was very difficult to eat - many little bones, a bit too chewy.   I definitely look forward to returning, but perhaps with a focus on items with distinct sauces, to match my preferred tastes for Sichuan food.
5 Carefully prepared dishes with much complexity and depth in the flavors of each dish. For apps, we usually get dan dan noodles and pork dumplings in chili oil (the latter is probably our favorite item on all the menu) and we are likely not going to vary that from one visit to another (so tasty - need the recipe for sauce / oil used for the pork dumplings). For mains, have done a variation of less spicy to more spicy. Definitely recommend trying the three-peppered chicken - the spices adorn the chicken in a way whereby it keeps a intriguing spicy flavor that leaves a little tingling on the lips. The effect is particularly noted if your other mains are not spicy. However, my wife found the texture of the chicken to be a little tough, and I'd add there's a risk the chicken be considered a little dry. As another spicy dish (but not too spicy) is the braised fish with tofu. Again so much complexity - the dish is yummy as is, and then you might bite on a piece of parsley that brings you to whole new place. So far likely our favorite main dish. For desserts, we always go for green tea ice cream and mochi as well as lotus seed puree. They each give you a cleansing and soothing way to end the meal. Finally: service here is very good, very attentive and nice.
2 Recently went to Cafe China to check it out after it received a star.  The restaurant is long and narrow, dimly lit.  Service is fine.  The noise level is high in the restaurant, as it is typically packed and lively.  I tried the following dishes:  Savory Tofu with Celery Shoots (3/5): This was okay.  The tofu was fine, but bland.  It went well with rice.  Fragrant Fish Filet (3/5): This spicy fish was okay.  I tend to order some variation of this at all Szechuan restaurants I go to.  This one was only okay, really nothing special.  Eggplant in Garlic Sauce (1.5/5): This was not good.  The garlic sauce was way too sweet, and the eggplant was tough.  Fried Rice with Mustard Green Shoots (3/5): Standard fried rice, nothing special.  Not bad, but not great.  I was disappointed with my meal at Cafe China.  The Szechuan dishes were not spicy, and the food was okay but overall pretty bland.  There are so many other better places in Flushing and around the city that I would recommend.  I do not plan on returning.
5 It doesn't get better than this. Having lived in Shanghai before living in nyc I'm always on the look out for traditional dishes of high quality. Look no further! It's an added bonus to not have to head out to flushing to get the traditional dishes that seem to be elusive in Manhattan.  Highly recommend this place. Very deserving of its Michelin star, yet doesn't feel stuffy at all which is nice. May be tough to find a table, the bar there is a good option and dare-I-say it but takeout is a good option as well!  Highly recommend the tea smoked duck, duck tongues, and any of the dim sum dishes. The Szechuan chicken is fantastic as well if you like spice.   You will not find better more traditional cuisine anywhere else outside of China.   Photos from the last time I got some dim sum takeout, will add more photos next time I go. Hopefully soon!
5 Best Szechuan in the city.  Three pepper chicken, Dan Dan noodles and chili oil dumplings is where it is at.  For the price this might be the best restaurant in the city.
4 This place is so overcrowded and overrated. Very long wait time for average food but the service was good
3 I cant really believe this place has a Michelin star... Like i understand that cleanliness has a lot to do with it (and that very few Chinese restaurants probably meet the standard), but so much food here is just too oily, bland, "bu zheng".   Ordered the Mapo tofu which wasn't spicy at all, not that flavorful, and wayyyy too oily. Also have had the Double cooked pork (huiguorou) which was slightly better but also extremely oily. Tiger salad was good but bewarned! it's very spicy.
2 I Postmated the following: 1. Mushroom and chicken soup: $16 and bitter 2. Shrimp dumplings - tasted very fishy 3. Spicy wontons - drenched in too much sauce and way too sweet (not spicy) 4. Spicy tofu - way too salty  The mushroom and chicken soup is $16 for dry chicken and literally clear broth with some gross mushrooms in it. They claim that it's expensive because they "use the finest ingredients." This is a total hustle. Do not get this.   The rest of the food was inedible. I've heard great things about this restaurant for years, and the place I usually go to was closed, so I thought I'd give it a try. It's expensive for what I would consider pretty terrible food. Was extremely disappointed and definitely will never try again.
1 The taste of dishes is fine, not amazing. The amount is pretty small. The most importantly, the attitude of the service is very bad. When I had dinner with friend around 6:00pm, they checked whether we were still eating and wanted to take away the plates for five times, with one hour. The business is good and the restaurant is busy in the lunch and dinner time, however, the attitude and reputation are the long term property for a business!   besides, dramatic long time waiting is not worthy for such a place with rush attitude people.   And, if the place is really busy with too small place to hold customers, then thinking about a bigger room is a better strategy.
5 Wonderful Szechuan style restaurant, definitely worth the Michelin star. I have gone to their sister restaurant, China Blue, which is more Shanghainese style, and I will say I believe both are on the same level of deliciousness for the most part. I definitely had a wonderful experience here. Every dish whether it was meat to veggies was jam packed with flavor. Especially the mouth-numbing spicy chili oil. Definitely order more than you think you would need because the servings are definitely smaller than a normal Chinese restaurant, but still family style.   Every single dish we ordered I have zero complaints on. There was 5 of us and we ordered the spicy diced rabbit, scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings, beef with green chili peppers, kung pao chicken, mao po tofu, pork belly, and bok choy. Every single dish was a hit with my team. Even those who normally don't love tofu and veggies loved the tofu and bok choy here. Their dessert was also amazing. We ordered the green tea gelato with mochi. They know how to cook their food right here.
4 Had the tea smoked duck good, cumin lamb great, spicy eggplant great broccoli good and Dan Dan noodles meh a bit bland for me. Need to go back and order some of the spicier dishes. None of what we got was super spicy
5 Great food.  Had to wait a little long for service but I was well worth it.  It's the best Chinese food I have had in nyc.    I would highly recommend this restaurant.
5 Had a wonderful dinner here. As someone who prefers sharing multiple things rather than just getting a single dish, I'm a huge fan of Szechuan-style dining and cuisine. Honestly, everything was super tasty and shockingly affordable given its Michelin Star and prime location off 5th Avenue.   The most memorable single bite was the pork dumplings, and I only wish we ordered a million more. They were presented more oily than I was expecting, but biting into them wasn't oily at all. The sweet potato pancakes were super unique, sweet yet not overbearing. Could definitely have passed for an appetizer or a dessert. The dan dan noodles were a must-share starter as well.   There wasn't a single main dish I wouldn't be happy to have again. The kung pao chicken, vegetable fried rice, and sautéed beef were a few of the highlights, but really doesn't seem like you can go wrong.
1 I went today during break for lunch. I asked for their menu and after I made up my mind on what I wanted, I asked the waiter if she knows if any of the entrees are cooked with alcohol. I'm a muslim, so I can't have any pork or alcohol. She told to wait as she went to ask. She came back with the "captain" of the crew so I asked him and then he asked me, "Well what would you like?" I told him "I want the sautéed chicken fillet".  He told me "No, that doesn't have any alcohol or pork. Don't worry you're good". So I ordered it and took it back to the office. I start eating and the food tasted good but then I looked closely passed the peppers and passed all the vegetables there was one little piece of unidentified meat. So I went back to the restaurant and called "the captain" of the crew again. I showed him the piece of meat hoping it wasn't what I thought it was. He tells me "this is a piece of Chinese sausage which is basically pork but this is not our item/ingredient and its not in our menu". I tell him "soooo... what does that mean? How did it find its way in my plate?" He tells me "I don't know, I'm happy to give you a refund but again, thats not our ingredient". At this point I was really angry at the fact that he wasn't owning his mistake that this piece of meat found its way to my plate and kept saying this isn't our ingredient. So you think I put it there? You think I'm lying? What happened to good customer service? What happened to "I'm sorry, can we make you another one?". I got none of that. So I got my refund but I'm never going back again. My guess is that one of the cooks in the back was eating Chinese sausage and while making my plate, dropped a piece by accident. Its either that or magic was used to put it in their if its "not their ingredient"
2 Wasn't good at all for all the hype.  Food was super salty and 3 pepper chicken was very dry.  Old school atmosphere was nice.
3 Michelin star and everything... but it wasn't quite worth the hype. The Szechuan peppers gave my tongue a really weird feeling and couldn't really enjoy the rest of the meal.  Perhaps it was just me, but the food was overly spiced and overwhelming for my taste.   The DANDAN noodles, however, were so good!!! I would go there just for that if I could.
5 Well-deserved one Michelin Star restaurant for this Szechuan Chinese restaurant! The decor is vintage and funky, not fancy but feels very homey and comforting. We got here right at 11am when they opened on New Year's Day and snagged a table in the front.   We ordered: Cold noodles Szechuan style - mixed with chili oil and peanuts, this was really simple yet flavorful start to our meal.  Spicy baked whole tilapia - so spicy yet delicious! One side of the fish was soft and melt-in-your-mouth while the other side of the fish was crispy.  Eggplant Szechuan style - long thin braised eggplant in spicy chili sauce. Loved it!  Ma Po Tofu - another spicy yet delicious and full of flavor. I highly recommend using the leftover chili sauce to eat with your steamed rice! Fried rice with egg - fragrant jasmine rice with eggs, green leeks, and soy sauce. Simple yet delicious! Chinese broccoli - another staple dish!  Dessert: Sweet potato pancakes - this was interesting, sweet with a slight mochi taste, fried to perfection. Coconut sorbet - creamy and amazing, served in a coconut shell with coconut flakes. I wish I had this with my meal to soothe the chili burn! Green tea gelato with red bean mochi - the green tea gelato was really good with a strong green tea flavor. Red bean mochi ice cream to complement the tea.  Service was so-so. This place was packed by the time we were eating and we had to flag down a waiter several times. But most Chinese places have iffy service anyhow since it's all about the food! Highly recommend this place for some authentic spicy Szechuan food if you are in the area! Be sure to arrive 30 min before they open to avoid a long wait! They don't take reservations, walk-in only.
5 Everything we ordered was delicious. The sweet potato pancakes are very sweet, just a warning, but very unique and tasty. I loved the eggplant dish, it was perfectly cooked, and the sauce was incredible. The atmosphere was felt like a vintage China look. I would definitely go back.
4 An Indian homeboy suggested Cafe China. Instantly I was dying to go there, because we Indians know our spicy food, and this place has a michelin star for 8 STRAIGHT YEARS in spite of being a budget restaurant!  We forgot to get a reservation, and found ourselves faced with a 45-min wait time on a saturday evening. Fortunately there were two bar seats and instantly we grabbed them. Bring on the food already I say!!  The Goji berry tea we got at first was a delight. Fragrant and mildly sweet- it instantly warmed us up. For appetizers we got the spicy chengdu wontons. What can I say, it was orgasm in the mouth. Both me and the gf are suckers for sichuan-style dumplings, and we ate at many good places. But this was the absolute best. The dumplings were soft. And the sauce.. oh the sauce! Spicy, sweet, salty, oily, sour and fragrant- all flavors blending together perfectly. I think the secret is in the vinegar they use- compared to other versions of the dish, their vinegar was not only sour but had a floral aroma.  For the mains we got mapo tofu and cumin lamb. Mapo tofu had a lot of dobanjang (fermented bean paste) compared to other versions I had. It was pretty heavy on the palate- I'd prefer a few more fresh scallions on top. Cumin lamb was really good. The meat was good quality and perfectly cooked, and the dish had good cumin flavor.  Overall, the quality of the food here is very high, in spite of the lower prices. The mapo tofu was a bit underwhelming (hence one star less), but top notch otherwise. Oh and the portions might look a bit small, but don't worry, they are just the right amount. I'll be coming back here happily to satiate my occasional craving for numbing szechuan food.
1 The siza of food is Very small. service is Very bad，we just stayed about 1 hour，the waiter asked 5 times， we finished or not。too many msg in the food.  the service is Very Very bad，make me Very unhappy，Very upset
5 3 words: TEA SMOKED DUCK - my favorite. Also want to point out how Cosy and cute this spot is!
3 First time here with a friend for lunch. We got 3 lunch specials, Pea sprouts with garlic, kung pao chicken and double cooked pork.   Pea sprouts were good, but nothing spectacular. KungPao chicken was very sweet, not sure what's in their sauce. Double cooked pork was good but the pork was too fatty so after eating a few pieces it was a bit much.   I liked the decor, but the price for two of us, was close to $45, for THREE lunch specials. Really over priced. a lot of hype. You can definitely get similar quality elsewhere for much more reasonable price.
5 -Has a michelin star, deserved.  -Food is as good as in China -Cheap for NYC, especially for the lunch specials. -Lines can be long, so get there before the lunch rush (12:00)
3 The food at Cafe China was slightly above average compared to other mid town Chinese restaurants but hardly transcendent while the service during our visit was inattentive and forgetful. The atmosphere was that of a bustling and loud mid-town New York restaurant and did add to the overall experience as it felt less like a dinner and more like a night out.   I had family in from out of town to see a couple of shows and decided to host them at this restaurant which I found on Yelp's list of sought after seats.  We began with an order of the dumplings, scallion pancakes and cold cucumbers. The dumplings were delicious and I was pleasantly surprised by the cold cucumber salad, a strong garlicky flavor but not over powering.   For the main course we ordered two Kung Pao chicken dishes, a spicy cumin lamb and cold Szechuan noodles. The dishes were brought out one at a time with the rice following but somewhere in between we lost the cold noodles. Never made it to the table and it was hard to get a hold of a server. We ended up with enough food anyway and didn't miss the cold noodles. The Kung Pao was flavorful and barely spicy while the spicy lamb lived up to its name and was my favorite dish for the night.   In my opinion, you always end a meal with dessert so we went with the tiramisu, green tea ice cream with red bean mochi and lotus seed purée with coffee for the table. Tiramisu was frozen solid (sent it back) while the green tea dish was the best and while I went out on a limb with the lotus seed purée, probably wouldn't do it again. But, the lotus seed dish seemed very traditional and I was new to me so I wasn't in a real position to judge. The desserts all came out separately and had to remind the server about the lotus dish before we received as well as the coffee.   Overall I found the food, while good, didn't live up to the hype and the service was inattentive. The caveat with knocking the service is that it could have been a bad night so I wouldn't draw a generalization about it but it's enough to lead me to try other options on my next mid-town Chinese meal. Rounded down to 3 Stars based on service for the night.
4 We ordered online their website for carry out.  Tried to order via phone to pick up but no one answers.   Pork Pot Stickers were so good.   Chicken fried rice was very dry and needed some sauce.   Kung Pao Chicken - unique version of these and wouldn't order this again.   This place has a Michelin Star.  I would go back but try something else.
5 Right around the corner from where I work, this place is just outstanding. Very unassuming for a Michelin star restaurant. I come here for lunch where they have a nice lunch menu with very reasonable prices. I get the Kung Pao chicken, comes with rice and hot n sour soup for $12.
5 Outstanding one star Michelin restaurant! Friendly staff: a culinary travel in the Shanghai of the 1940s It was our third time there and kept up with our enthusiasm. You should try the spicy lamb cumin, crispy jellyfish, pepper chicken, pork tongue... I'm sure there are more to try ( the menu is quite rich). For desert we had the red bean donuts. You have to book in advance because this place is packed. Probably the most affordable Michelin starred restaurant we have been to.
3 Café China was definitely good but it didn't meet the high standards I held it at due to the fact that it is a Michelin Guide restaurant. My friend and I went in on a weekday for lunch and it was packed but the waitress managed to find us a seat for 2 within 10 minutes tops. Under the waiters recommendations, we ordered the pork dumplings in chili oil and the dan dan noodles. I really wanted the soup dumplings but they were sold out but the time we got there (around 1) so definitely call ahead of time to check if that's what you really want! In addition to those two apps, we also ordered (well, more like I) the sautéed beef with tea tree mushrooms for an entree. At $22 it is a little hefty but it is meant to share. Now, for the food-  Pork dumplings in chili oil- 3/5- weren't bad but didn't stand out whatsoever. As evident in the pic, there really wasn't enough chili oil for all of the dumplings and they lacked flavor. However, the dumplings had a generous portion of juicy pork packed in it, I just wish the "sauce" was better.  Dan dan noodles- 4/5- solid but let's be honest- dan dan noodles are kind of difficult to mess up. Per usual, definitely mix the noodles well before eating to ensure "equal noodle to sauce ratio" :).  Sautéed beef with tea tree mushrooms- 3.5/5- first and foremost, this dish definitely has a lot more of an acquired taste versus the other two. I could tell that my friend wasn't feeling it at all. Lucky for me, I absolutely love mushrooms but I could tell that this dish isn't meant for everyone. I don't know if it was the garlic or something else but I can see it being either a complete hit or miss. More than enough beef and mushroom portion-wise.  If I could, I would give Cafe China 3.5 stars but unfortunately that isn't possible. Again, the food is far from bad. It's actually good- there's just a lot of better options if you want more bang for your buck.
4 The food here is great. Service is good. We had dinner here on Christmas day and ordered all the things our server recommended (pancakes, dan dan noodles, dim sum, pot stickers) and everything was delicious. We will come back again when we are craving some good Chinese food.
4 I get dinner or lunch here with family or friends here almost every few months. Never felt disappointed. There are both healthy options and delicious dishes. Service is always good! Decor is great! (The long wait is a little frustrating sometimes.) Strongly recommended as an authentic Sichuan (四川) restaurant.
4 Food is absolutely spot on. Party of 3 decided on the cumin lamb, beef with green peppers, and twice cooked pork belly dishes, along with beef tendon and scallion pancakes to start. We also had the goji berry tea to complement our spice-filled meal. The food and drinks were outstanding! The ambiance had an old time 1930s Shanghai feel as old posters and decor adorned the walls- even the lamp fixtures were of time period. The experience was somewhat sullied when we were rushed from our tables with the waitstaff forcefully asking if we were done with our meals when we took measured mini breaks from our delicious culinary journey. Understandably, the wait line was getting long but ushering our inopportune departure left a sour taste that would otherwise have been a triumph peppered into our memories.
3 It was a good looking place, kindly reminds me of old town shanghai, but serving sechuan food instead.  After about an hour wait time we got ourselves a table and ordered many dishes as we were starving.  My only gripe is the twice cooked pork belly...it's not spicy at all and it is very sweet, kinda weird for sechuan food. Their boiling chilli fish fillets is very authentic taste.  Other than that, a great place for dinner and lunch.
5 This is my go to place for lunch, best Sichuan food ever. Have tried most stuff on the menu and everything is just delish. Double cook pork, beef and chilies, maps tofu and dang dang noodles are my favourites
5 Can't say much about the menu as a whole, but I frequent for the beef noodle soup only served at lunch and it is to die for, I always get looks of envy when it's brought to the table, as many people don't know about Manhattan's best kept secret! It comes with a generous mount of noodles and tender beef, with tasty spicy beef broth that is the perfect way to power through a cold nyc day. As said earlier portions are as great, as is the price and the service. All those factors make this place an all round winner.
5 Place was packed and there was a line waiting outside on a Thursday night. We asked and they could sit us at the bar immediately! We got to see how the bartender prepared drinks, and a couple of tips on what we should order. Everything was delicious! Great service, cute ambiance, awesome cocktails! From the cold apps we had: - Slow Braised Ribbonfish ($9): delicious, but be mindful the peppers are super spicy and that the fish has spines, which you can still eat because they are cooked to they are not harmful. - Husband and wife special ($10): sliced beef & tripe seasoned with chilli-peanut sauce, what a great combo for the sauce! From the mains: - Chungking Braised Filet of Sole Fish Stew ($27): we had the white style per the bartender recommendation and it was my favorite! Will come back for sure for this only. - Spicy Cumin Lamb ($23): per bartender rec, eat with the onions! It sooo tender, loved it! It's a big potion, we had leftover to take home :)  I believe this is the only Chinese Michelin star restaurant in NY, and soo affordable. I would like to keep this pale secret, but apparently everyone else already knows. Be prepared for a bit of a wait for a table, but the food comes out super fast.
5 This is one of better Chinese restaurants in downtown. The food was 5 stars and service was fast and courteous. Would visit again for sure
1 This is a place that I looked up online but I'm already disappointed because they said a 30 minutes wat and we waited but then they let everybody else in....I mean really then we went to ask and the lady was like I went outside but the thing was we were right outside the whole entire time!!!!!! Sucks
1 Michelin guide can't be reliable when you travel. Don't get fool by the Michelin star review at Cafe China. Worst Sichuan cuisine I ever had in my life.  Food:  Horrible. We order boiled fish/ wonton in chili oil/Husband Wife Special/ Onion Cake/chicken soup/ Dan Dan Noodle/pork bun. The fish tasted really blank. No spicy or aroma from Sichuan peppercorn. Wonton in chili oil should change to Wonton in Syrup. Super sweet almost caused your teeth to fall. Again it was not spicy nor the numbness from peppercorn. Dan dan noodle had no flavor. Oh my god I can't go on reviewing the food anymore. The only ok dishes are Onion cake and the chicken soup.   Service: The hostess took us to seat and server show up later. Took our order with an angry tone ( I am sorry I don't know why ) and never came back anymore until he brought us our receipt. No one checked on us during the whole meal.   Decor This is where the one star coming from. We appreciate the old Shanghai style but it is an Sichuan cuisine restaurant (odd) but we like the decor anyway.
4 Recently ordered delivery from here for the first time. Three words: duck fried rice. The spicy chicken and braised fish dishes were ok, they forgot my scallion pancakes, but I didn't even care because of the duck fried rice. It was that good!
5 This was the first Michelin star Restaurant I went to. As, There aren't any in so-cal :'( we ordered the eggplant in garlic sauce, scallion pancake, mapo tofu, braised beef with mustard green, and beef w/ pickled pepper.   I thought the pancakes were great. I never ordered them in a restaurant before.  Gotta say it was pretty good. The dough was flaky and warm. It complimented the soy sauce well.  The mapo tofu, while having 3 chili peppers, was delicious and had only the numbing spicy, which I could handle. The tofu was drenched in chili oil and was flavorful.  The eggplant and garlic sauce was saucy and savory. Definitely should eat with rice.  The beef with pepper was spicy but a Chinese staple.  The braised beef with mustard green was tender and picked mustard greens complimented the savory beef well  Overall, I thought the food was great. We had to wait 45 minutes however for a table, so you should call in advance if you have a larger than 2 party.
4 Honestly this place surprised me with its food! While there's quite a few Americans in the restaurant, I thought the food would be very Americanized when I stepped into the place. But surprisingly, their food is actually pretty authentic.  The portion is not very big, but they sure taste delicious. The kong Pao chicken really impressed me a lot! It's very flavorful and the chicken tastes very fresh.   We also got the husband & wife dish, which is actually spicy beef -- also very good. The dan fan noodles was yummy, and so was the green beans!   The only thing I didn't like about the place was how dark it is... I couldn't see the food so I kept eating chili lol. My friend also couldn't see that her water cup was dirty, so she was not too happy about that when she found out.
4 Delicious, not greasy. We got the pork pot stickers, Scallion pancakes, kung pow chicken, and shredded duck with ginger. All delicious and fresh!
4 Michelin-starred Chinese food?! I'm there! I work near here, but there is always a big line. I didn't get to try it until I went at 9PM on a random Thursday night. Even at 9PM, the place was packed and there was a short wait. Luckily, people didn't stick around to wait for their table, so we were seated within 5 minutes. The place is more spacious than I thought, for a NYC restaurant. It was very clean and organized. We were seated in a far corner, but was served almost immediately.   I am a big Szechuan food fan - love ALL the spicy dishes. Although the menu doesn't seem too big, it was really tough to narrow down what to get. We had a group of 4 people, and wanted to try multiple things, so we ordered about 5 dishes to share.  1. Steamed fish - very tasteful, tender, and big! This is a traditional way to make fish for Chinese people. It's "steamed" so you can lie to yourself and say it's healthy. Loved the sauce, it's not spicy - so for those that don't like spicy food, get this.  2. Mapo Tofu - weird texture, I expect mapo tofu to be made with soft tofu, but they used firm tofu, which was a very weird combo with the sauce. Also, a bit too spicy for my liking.  3. Sauteed string beans - portion is way too small  4. Spicy oil wontons - loved loved loved the sauce! Definitely give this one a try.  5. Spicy beef tendon - this is usually my favorite Szechuan dish but it wasn't too flavorful here.   I get that the place is Michelin-starred and it's located in the bustling area of Midtown, but I feel like the food is way too overpriced for the portions. But, of course, that's not going to stop me, I have to go back and try all the other items. I need to bring more friends so we can try more dishes.
5 I had been meaning to try Café China for quite a while, so I brought a large group for a work lunch today.  The food was delicious, service was rapid, courteous, and efficient.  I'm looking forward to coming back and trying more dishes.
5 Wonderful Chinese food. The Dan Dan noodles were flavorful, spicy and delicious. We ordered the tea smoked duck, wonton soup, dan dan noodles, dumplings in chili oil and Kung Pao Chicken. I loved the text system for waiting in line and how they texted when you were getting to the top of the line. Pro tip: put your name on the wait list an hour and 15 or hour and a half before you are ready to eat then walk over to wait at the The Ragtrader & Bo Peep Cocktail and Highball Store and enjoy a drink. Do not go to Cafe China without ordering the Dan Dan noodles, they amazing!
3 Awesome atmosphere at this nicely located place on the border of Murray Hill and Midtown is somewhat detracted by (at least) some entrees being way too salty but otherwise fine (very spicy is fine, very salty is not). Get that fixed, and this place will be a true winner!
5 Loved it foods are so dank We will def try coming here other time again Just waiting is hell.. No reservation under 8ppl
5 This review is for delivery. My teen son had a craving for Kung Pao chicken and I had promised to make it for him last night. But I had a long day at work, stopped at the grocery store to pick up chicken thighs, celery, scallions, and Chinese black vinegar  and after I put the stuff in the basket, I felt so tired and so took the lazy way out by ordering from Cafe China. I am so glad I did. My son loved the taste, even though he prefers it spicier. I will remember the next time. The dinner portion will make two meals. I will have to make more rice though for the second meal, but a good deal.
5 After trying this place yesterday and shying away from spice, I decided to have another go and be more adventurous with my food choice.  I went with the Spicy Cumin Lamb and it was absolutely phenomenal.  The combination of spices made my taste buds jump with excitement and the lamb quality was a 10, tender and flavorful.  I highly recommend this place.
4 Cafe China is famous for their lunch special which is very affordable, especially for having a Michelin Star. I love to come here and the food is delicious. For some reason I personally think though that the menu is a bit of a hit and miss, some dishes are outstanding where others are just completely over-spiced, but that is just my personal taste and someone else might experience it totally different ...
4 Delicious and great prices. The lychee martini was also great. Dan dan noodles were okay but wouldnt get them again. Our entrees were very flavorful and delicious. One tip is dont get everything szechuan flavored or else your tongue will become numb quickly!   The place does not take reservations for parties of 4 or less.   The first time we visited, we came for dinner (saturday at 7)and had to wait for 2 hrs, but it ended up being less than 1.5 hrs and we were able to get a drink at a nearby bar.
5 One of my favorite chinese restaurants in the city!!  took my friends here the other day and they loved it! their lunch specials are totally worth of every penny. we ordered shredded beef w/ asian chilli (5/5), sweet and sour baby ribs (5/5!!!!!!!), fried rice with tea smoked duck (5/5), and sauteed lobster szechuan style (this is not a lunch special, but it was a bomb! a little pricy - $45-50?). lunch specials come with one appetizer. price is surprisingly not so expensive, but is reasonable.   great portion and good service!  oh.. you must try their cocktails (especially Lust, Caution)!!!
2 Just made a trip back here. Haven't been in a little over a year and the food I must say as well as the service is still consistent. My favorite is still the Dan Dan Noodle's. I had to come back and take a couple of stars off of my review because today after I paid my bill I got to the front door and onto the sidewalk when one of the people from the restaurant ran outside after me. I was completely startled and he asked me was there something wrong with my service. I was confused until I saw him holding the cup with my receipt. See, this restaurant made headlines a few years back when they became a "No tipping" restaurant. It was such a big deal that they pretty much forbid tipping and it was in the media. Well, apparently that didn't go so well and since my last visit, they've reversed the policy ... he immediately said normally people tip 15%-20-% and you didn't tip anything. A little embarrassed I explained to him that I'd been there before in the past and they had a no tipping policy. He reached in the glass for the receipt "knowing" I was going to correct my error. Now of course I was going to tip, but I think it is highly unprofessional for people to be running outside after patrons who don't tip. What if I hated the meal or the service? Then what?? The way he approached me was too aggressive. It made it look like I'd tried to skipped out on my meal. Me, standing on the sidewalk, in front of their restaurant looking at a check and going in my wallet. I tipped, cash and 25% because I liked the food, but it definitely rubbed me the wrong way. If you've changed your policy after relishing in the NATIONAL press you received behind not allowing tipping PUT A SIGN UP or a clever note on the receipt to let patrons know you now allow tipping. Don't run after people like they just ran away with a belly full of stolen Dan Dan! Not Cool.
4 This place was good but a bit pricey for Chinese food. Majority of the dishes were spicy. Some were more spicy then other definitely need to look at the menu and see the chilis next to it. When they have two that really means spicy. It's great for those who like spicy food but for me not so much. I didn't like that they gave us a time limit of 1.5 hr to eat on a Thursday night like it was a buffet place. Never been to a restaurant that did that especially a place like this. Yes they were busy but not a lot of big parties which we were. The ambiance was nice but a bit dark in there. Not your typical Chinese restaurant feel and look although there furniture wasn't anything special. The big table they put to close to each other and I got hit a few times by a group of men sitting so close to us! Portions were decent size but didn't feel full and some of the food was a bit salty. Not sure if I would come back bc of the price of the food but overall it was good to try once. Most of the food we ordered had the same colorations - dark with green veggies which made it look the same however tasted different. Service was good too.
3 The food quality was good not great. The spring roll was the smallest I have ever seen. The restaurant did not provide any cutlery only chopsticks. And no soy sauce, etc. The food was a little overdone with way too many peppers.
3 Overall, this fell kinda short of my expectations... For a michelin starred place that's p hyped up, I wasn't tooo impressed. Maybe we ordered the wrong things. Our table ordered the veggie dumplings, the dan dan noodles, the chongqing spicy chicken, the crystal shrimp dumplings, and the string beans. Honestly, everything was fine, just not worth the price in my opinion. & the dan dan noodles were super disappointing :( I enjoyed the chicken, the dumplings were good, but you can get better/cheaper in chinatown. I would say def try it out, but don't go in with super high expectations. The decor was nicer than your typical chinese restaurant and the service was good. Idk I just expected a little more from a michelin restauarant!
4 Solid choice for Szechuan in Midtown.  Café China caught my eye thanks to its Michelin star and close proximity to my office. So, my friends and I decided to try it for dinner one evening about a month ago (10/29/18). Overall, we had a good experience!  With accolades come crowds. It definitely gets busy so be sure to book a reservation on Yelp! My group was able to walk in since we went late on a weekday night.  The restaurant had a traditional vibe, and the service was quick and attentive. While efficient, my group didn't feel rushed. Perhaps it was the timing of our meal, but we did appreciate it.  The dinner menu consists of cold dishes, dim sum, soups, vegetables, and entrees. There's also a dessert menu, but we didn't indulge our sweet tooth.  The food was tasty! We liked the bang bang chicken, steamed soup buns, scallion pancakes, and Kung Pao Chicken.  I'm looking forward to coming back again and trying more of the menu items.
5 Wow it was so good here!  Service was excellent; our waters were always full. We had the most amazing dishes, the double fried pork is good. Vegetable dumplings yummy. Friend got the tea smoked duck.   We would definitely come again and definitely recommend! Decor is nice too and atmosphere is inviting. Played relaxing music. Easy to find.
5 Absolutely incredible food, hospitality, and atmosphere! I'm a new Mama on a business trip in NYC who loves quality food (Chicago food snob) and this place delivered above and beyond. As a party of 1, I sat at the bar and had an incredibly welcoming time. Ed the bartender made incredible recommendations. Even though Chinese food is meant to be shared family style, he help me choose the right amount of food to still get the best experience. Definitely recommend and I'm bringing my family back as well! @Ed the bartender: if you read this, you should check out that cherry pie beer at right brain brewery in Michigan :) rightbrainbrewery.com/42…
5 Some of the best Chinese food I've had in recent memory! The Kung Pao chicken lunch special was phenomenal and the hot and sour soup it came with was so tasty, and I normally don't like that kind of soup. Most amazing was that this cost just $11. The pork dumplings in chili sauce and scallion pancake were fantastic as well. Service is great. Wheelchair accessible, though be warned it's quite narrow. Staff helps make it work so it's all good.
1 Ordered the Dan Dan noodles, there were unbelievably dry, no sauce anywhere. I understand that I ordered on seamless and that I can't send it back so you don't have to try so hard, but where is the sauce? And what's more, where is the meat? There's barely any, these are flavorless
5 Ive only done delivery from the restaurant but it comes on time and the food is delicious! My favorite is the mapo tofu and dan dan noodles.
3 Authentic, flavorful and delicious Chinese food? Yes.   Michelin star worthy with two hour walk-in wait times and a hefty price tag? No.   We had the cumin lamb, black chicken soup, and green beans. All three dishes were definitely delicious and cooked well, but nothing mind-blowing or any different than other non-Michelin rated Chinese restaurants. Tea was an extra $4 and again was good but not amazing.   Due to how small this restaurant was, all the tables were crammed up against each other and we inadvertently eves-dropped on a very awkward date at the next table, which consisted of an English speaker loudly yelling at her date, who was clearly not a native English speaker and had no idea what she was saying.  Contrary to other reviews, I did find the service at this restaurant to be very prompt and cordial, perhaps because I spoke Mandarin to them?
5 Vey good food. Delivery is always fast. I order from them almost on a daily basis.
5 Michelin-Starred Chinese Food! Swipe  for up-close photos! The interior design is very old Chinese parlor-style as well with table lamps. *** Locals  A Michelin-starred Chinese restaurant! Delicious and filled with flavor. Go during lunch time as that's when it's not as crowded. *** Travelers  Who wouldn't want to check out Michelin-starred restaurants? Beware of long wait times as it may hinder your travels. Your whole party has to be there to be seated. *** My Recommendation  They do not do additional costs like tax and tips. What you see on the menu includes those costs. There is usually a long wait line, so make sure to go during non-peak hours. The platters are also small compared to most Chinese restaurants, but you get quality and good taste with it!  IG: @foodisseur
4 An excellent and popular place to get Szechuan food in downtown Manhattan. Ordered the hot boiled fish, pumpkin balls and fried rice. The fish is authentic. The pumpkin balls are okay and the fried rice is a bit dry. Service is average. Will come to try  other dishes. A bit pricey for the portion (~$30 per person).
5 Always, exceptional dishes, here if you like Sichuan. Spicy, but delicious.  Long wait for lunch. Better to call in for pickup, which has always been reliable and on time.
4 They removed egg from the smoked duck fried rice, which is a bit of a disappointment for me.  Overall I wish the food is less oily, especially for lunch.
4 The waiters and waitresses here sure know how to treat you like a lady. They even called me "lady"--twice! Never before have I been so honored.   But seriously, I have no real complaints about the service--it was fine. The waiter was a little slow taking our order, but the food came out very quickly.  As for the food itself, the dishes my girlfriend and I tried were all very good. I would recommend everything, but especially the dan dan noodles and the garlic eggplant.   Also, the food was very reasonably priced. My girlfriend and I shared two lunch specials and a dim sum for under $40, including tip (although the dishes were still smaller than you would get at your average restaurant). When they bagged the leftovers for later, though, I found that they hadn't included our rice for some reason--I hope that was just a mistake.
5 Have gone twice in the last 2.5 weeks. First time, reservations made only a week or so in advance for a larger party for saturday dinner. Second time, no reservations no wait time for 5ppl for a sunday dinner. We were probably lucky?  I was more pleased with our round of choices the second time i went. Perfect for 5ppl, everything was extremely tasty, and the combination was very satisfying (~$20 pp):  1. Dan dan noodles 2. Double cooked pork (worth the hype) 3. Mapo tofu 4. Rice for everyone 5. Bok choy 6. Fish blossom (caught us by surprise but very good!)  Waitstaff very attentive. Very cute vintage vibe that works well with the type of cuisine.
4 Michelin-starred Chinese restaurants are weird. It's like putting a dog in a tuxedo--way too formal for something that should be casual. Or am I just a pleb?  Anyhoo, I didn't know Cafe China had that shiny star when my friend and I came here. We just wanted Asian food and stumbled upon this place. A 20-min wait later, we were seated and sipping the Flowers of Shanghai and 2046 (which is incidentally one of my favorite movies).   The food here is good but smaller portions and higher prices than what you'd get further south and/or east. Try the Jellyfish in Scallion Pesto, Steamed Soup Buns, and especially the Braised Fish Filet with Tofu, the one dish to measure all Szechuan restaurants. CC does it well, with just enough peppers to make your mouth sing like it's auditioning for American Idol.
5 One of the best Szechuan places I've been to. Prepare your taste buds to be pleasantly tingly after the first bite. The only downside imo is not being able to reserve ahead of time. We ended up waiting for an hour and a half before we got a table during a weekday evening.
1 I have visited this restaurant twice. The first time the food was great so we decided to return a couple of days later for a friends birthday. The wait was 1.5 hours for a party of 4. The first issue was when the server brought out the glasses of water, unwashed, with lip stick stains. The second issue was with the 3 pepper chicken. Can I have some chicken with those peppers? The entire plate was full of peppers and hardly any chicken. The third issue was the hair that was found in the 3 pepper chicken plate. The fourth issue was the terrible service! We have to repeatedly ask for drink refills and clean glasses. The deal breaker was when we were hounded on the way out for not tipping to their standards. Why would we leave a big tip for terrible service. And after reading all of the one star reviews with the same issues (tipping) I noticed the owner's reply is copied and pasted with the same repetitive answer. The owner states that the party tipped $6.00 on a $80.57 check. Really? Save your money and time...go somewhere else!
5 I was not a fan of Chinese cuisines but this place made me to be one. I have been there several times since then. Food, drinks and selection of wine is all great.
5 Waited 45 minutes for a table for 4. We shared 3 entrees and 2 apps and were beyond stuffed.
5 Best place for Chinese foods. When you visit New York and if you are a fan of schezwan food then you must go for this place. Wait is worth it for the delicious food.
1 After reading about the Michelin star received by Café China, I decided to check out this place for lunch.  There were long lines for lunch and so decided to order take out instead and let's just say we were less than impressed.  The tiny container of dan dan noodle sauce had some kind of industrial smell which made it difficult to stomach so had to toss that immediately.  The scallion pancakes were nothing to wow about and a bit too greasy and bland.  The spicy wontons were also nothing special.  The lamb and 3 pepper chicken was super tasty and spicy, but probably due to the large amounts of MSG in the food.  My coworker and i ended up with massive headaches and lethargy after lunch which is quite usual when meals are full of sodium.... so be aware and be prepared!
4 Nice place to go! Great service! Foods are yummy and above average Chinese restaurants. I like the meatball soup and eggplant. The eggplant was very spicy, I talked to the waiter, and they brought me another nonspicy one, which tasted sweat and sour, so good.
5 Their cocktails are named after Wong kar wai movies! but the food is even better. Everything I have tried here taste delicious! It's not as spicy for Szechuan cuisine. One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the city.
4 Good Szechuan place in midtown Manhattan. Always a line but we were lucky to get a table on a Saturday afternoon. We ordered the scallion pancakes, chungking Chicken and the sweet sour ribs. Scallion pancakes was one of the best we ever had. It was light crispy and delicious. Will definitely come back to try other things on the menu.
3 I wanted to impress my family by taking them to the acclaimed Cafe China tucked in midtown Manhattan. Reservations were hard to make, but I was lucky by booking two weeks in advance to score a table at 6:00 on Sunday.  We liked the romantic vintage atmosphere; service was also attentive; food was solid; clientele was incredibly diverse (Chinese exchange students, family-oriented groups (like mine), couples, and large social groups).  -The most memorable dishes were the tea smoked duck, Chungking braised fish, and husband & wife special (fu qi fei pian).   -The less impressive dishes were the spicy diced rabbit and spicy cumin lamb.   -Dessert (Mochi) was expected.  Given that Sichuan fare has become a popular trend in New York in the last few years, Cafe China misses the mark compared to Szechuan Mountain House and the other competitors in Flushing and the East Village. I think while there are many delicious options on the menu, I am thrown off by the dim sum section (which is exclusively Cantonese brunch food).   I would come back when the hype dies down a bit, and I will try various other dishes. For now, Cafe China hovers between 3-4 Yelp Stars.
5 Everything about this place is nice, the food, the decor, the service! The wait is long for lunch but it is worth it. The price is also reasonable. I have been to a lot of Szechuan place and this is the only place that offers lunch with spicy cumin lamb. I usually need to order this as a main entree at other Szechuan restaurant. I was a bit hesitant if the lunch portion is going to be small but it was super generous! I normally can finish my lunch but I have to pack it home! So yay! More cumin lamb for dinner. The service is also amazing, the waitstaff is very fast to take our order. The place is very cozy. They also asked me if everything is okay during our meal. I am definitely going back here!
3 Always super popular place with crazy lines. Mostly because ppl love the decor and the great location. Flavors were okay - classic Sichuan dishes just like any other one in the city. On the pricier side and I didn't think anything special.   Double Cooked Pork，C42. Spicy Soft Shell Crab，Husband and Wife Special were good.  Others were just okay. A1. 5 Spice Beef，B8. Dan Dan Noodles and B9. Pork Dumplings in Chili Oil were okay. V10. Steamed Eggplant Szechuan Style not good （又生又硬）。V14. Lightly Sauteed A Choy in small portion 上海青真的很小份，squirrel fish super sweet 松鼠鱼特别特别甜，口水钵钵鸡不好吃。  Don't go without reservation.
4 Service was A+. We were a table of 7 and had a reservation for 730, we were a bit early but was seated on the spot which is amazing given they had a line (probably for tables of 2).   Atmosphere was nice and brings you to old times China.   The food was good and flavorful but was definitely expecting a bit more given the rated Michelin star.  They had run out of most of the desserts offered so settled with coconut ice cream, which was refreshing after a spicy meal!
5 Tiger salad was AMAZING!!! We really enjoyed everything we ordered. Can't go wrong. Great service. Good prices. Fun vibe.
5 Very decent place and Michelin one star Chinese restaurant! Recommend 夫妻肺片！service is good and wait time is long better to book beforehand !
4 Updated: We came back. We waited for 45 mins. It is still busy. it is still good. The only thing that has changed is they have a tipping policy now.   Order a drink to go with the spicy food. You're welcome ;)  We tried the spicy fried chicken this time. It was tender, fried, and ooh the peppers.  We also tried the rabbit. Very spicy and flavorful.  Pork sandwiches- buns were melt in the mouth types and belly was fatty!   Lamb cumin is still a star and prolly will always be.  Dan dan noodles had a peanut sauce!! Not my type.   Old review:   Michelin star place and now I know why!!   We came here on a Sunday night and it was cramming with people. The hostess was brilliant. She gave us an estimate but told us it might be sooner. She was right! We were seated before our wait time was over. She was like a busy bee trying so hard to accommodate everybody. And with a smile.   We go in and get a cute table; lovely decor really. Simple and sweet.   We started with dan dan noodles - best I have ever tasted. Someone even came and mixed it for us. Like wow! Flavor packed dish with the right amount of hot oil. Brilliant.   The dumplings in chili oil was yummy. The oil had a sweet taste to it that perfectly complemented the pork filling .   The chengdu wontons are spicy! The typical Sichuan peppercorn taste and something else (fragrant something) that I could not comprehend.   We finished our meal with the Red Chunking braised Sole fillets and best I have ever had (i have had this dish atleast 10 times at different places). Tofu is perfectly cooked and blends in with the soft fish that breaks into flakes as soon as you touch it. Amazing broth !! Absolutely yum! All entrées come with rice.   Btw their brilliant service is despite tips. They have a NO TIPPING policy.   This is going to be my go-to joint now. What a brilliant place!
3 I grew up eating all types of Chinese cuisine, so I may be a bit harder to please than most. The food isn't bad by any means, but there isn't anything special about it. I would say it tastes pretty standard.   Is it Michelin Star worthy? No. You can find pretty similar food (and for cheaper) in either Chinatown or Flushing.  The interior of Cafe China is actually really nice, and inviting. Also, you get seated pretty fast, which is a plus if you're on a lunch break. Servers were pretty attentive for a busy weekday afternoon during lunchtime.   We shared the scallion pancakes and the pork dumplings in chili oil. Again, the food was good, but nothing mind blowing. The dumplings were actually a tad too sweet for my liking.  I got the double cooked pork, which was actually pretty good. The portion is also a lot larger than I thought it would be.  Overall, the meal itself wasn't bad and I enjoyed it. I guess I was just a bit underwhelmed when I was expecting Michelin Star worthy food.
3 As far as I'm concerned, a good hand-pulled noodle is the king of noodles.  My friends and I came by on a Saturday afternoon for lunch, and were seated outside at one of the enclosed single-table stalls.  Note that the stalls are very small, as well as the small pathway to walk to them, so don't expect to wheel strollers or if you're a tourist, bring luggage here.  There is a sign in the stall that asks you to order and pay for your food inside the restaurant, but after my friend and I did just that, a waitress came out and took the orders of my other 2 friends who were seated in the stall.  Cash only.  Our food was brought out in plastic to-go containers, probably due to COVID.  We immediately took the lids off our noodles to keep them chewy, but unfortunately, they were already a little soft; not sure if they were overcooked or maybe sat in the closed plastic container for too long.  The broth of the beef tendon soup noodle I had was very tasty, and the tendon was tender, though.  All in all, not a bad lunch for under $10.
3 A couple things to note, I seriously loved their outdoor dining, small, quiet, etc. Service was fast and to the point, no frills and I'm glad!! However, aside from the actual noodles themselves, which were so good, it definitely was lacking in flavor which i was sad about. The fried chicken dumplings were really good, but again, some more flavor was needed. Overall not bad for the price tag though! We spent $32 for two entrees and a starter!
5 First of all, the new sheds they've created are SO cute. Easily fit 4 and have a great cozy time in there.   The value of these noodles are unparalleled. You can get a bowl of beef noodle soup that can HEAL YOUR SOUL for under $10. If that's not a bargain I'm not sure what is.    The noodles themself were chewy and carried the savory beef flavor like an elevator onto your taste buds. Good amount of beef and veggies too. Beef was tender. RECOMMEND!!
5 Ok they are not lying about the tasty part. SOOOO TASTY and so cheap! Idk how they do it! My favorite Chinese delivery place. The actual restaurant is definitely no frills but it's part of its character. I ate there on Christmas Eve a few years ago. We were seated in the windowless, cramped basement. I have such fond memories though, it's just all part of the experience. Go! You will be so happy when the food comes and equally happy when the bill comes.
5 Yummy! I got the crispy pork dumplings and the scallion pancake. The scallion pancake was seriously so good. Crispy and delicious.
4 Noodles are very chewy! Great texture. I really like the beef noodle soup - very flavored and super affordable. Chicken soup was eh. Stir fried noodles are also ok/good but more oily and less textured/chewy. Soup noodles are the way to go.
3 quick delivery. delicious. steamed chicken and broccoli, scallion pancakes the Kimchi was just okay
3 This was my first visit to Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles. It was a Tuesday at 11am. I ordered and paid at the front desk and told them that I will take a seat in one of the outdoor dining booths. I received my meal about 10 minutes later. The server opened the door but the structure has a slot where the food can fit through, sort of like the movie scenes of solidary confinement. I enjoyed my pan fried beef noodles while watching cars avoid hitting my booth. I struggled to use the set of attached chopsticks for the last remaining scraps left in my tray.
4 Back in the day, you couldn't go wrong with any restaurant in chinatown. However, the food scene in chinatown has been changing because 1) since the pandemic- many  stores struggled to remain open. 2) It's also getting harder and harder to find restaurants that serve affordable, delicious chinese food that isn't a latest fad. Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is one of the few restaurants that I recommend to locals and tourists.  Tasty  Hand- Pull Noodles is what the name implies. The restaurants offers 10 different variation of noodles. Use the picture on the menu for a better understanding of each noodle. In general, it is much more difficult to pull super thin noodles. It's a level of appreciation to a master noodle puller/chef. The price is very affordable and you will be left satisfied.   I usually order the house special (which includes a bit of everything) or ox tail noodle or the seafood noodle. There are many options on the menu which means you should be a repeat customer.
2 Came into China Town and found this place. Very average unfortunately! The orange chicken had a fishy taste. And the fried dumplings were only barely crispy on one side. Overall the flavorings on our dishes just weren't great!
2 We visited Chinatown and figured we would grab some authentic Chinese food. What a disappointment this was. Customer service sucked, they were definitely understaffed with the person behind the front desk also functioning as the server. Food left a lot to be desired, very plain and nothing to rave about. We don't feel this was value for the $$$ and regret giving this establishment our business. We went off reviews on here and feel totally scammed. Go elsewhere, and get your money's worth.
5 The roast duck noodle soup was delicious! So warm and just what I needed on a cold day. The outdoor dining was nice and isolated from other groups so covid friendly as well!
5 I'm so happy they had little huts over the 2020 quarantine. Their dumplings are so delicious and I always get the knife cut noodles with dumplings!
5 I'm a big fan of their big wide noodles pan fried with seafood.  Outdoor dining available in isolated pods during covid
4 I got the pan fried vegetarian dumplings with chili oil and soy sauce  - the veggies tasted fresh, what I liked was the skin texture: lightly fried so it was crisp and also chewy.  Prices are great and they have a vast noodle menu that I should've tried. It's your classic hole in the wall but they built small pods outside but unsure if they're safe right now. This is a top contender for me for great dumplings along with Vanessa's
5 First time there in a while, only place open Saturday night at 9 pm on Doyers.  Pork dumplings and beef noodles were great. I will be back again soon.
5 Ive eaten here twice now and this place is amazing. Wonderful and comfortable, delicious food and a safe atmosphere to eat it in. Probably the best outdoor dining experience I've seen so far. Get the big & wide!!!
5 I love this place and have been coming here for years! It's a family tradition to come here on Christmas Day, but I also dine here on days that aren't special occasions. It's a casual, no frills place that serves delicious and inexpensive hand-pulled noodles. During the pandemic, they have built outdoor enclosed booths so you can eat here while staying warm in sub-freezing weather like we did tonight.   My go-to dish is the seafood noodle soup. It never disappoints, comes with so many things - shrimp, mussels, imitation crabmeat, fish balls, baby bok choy, and noodles - and is super-filling. I also like the non-soup shrimp with hand-pulled noodles dish. I've had dumplings several times, and they are also tasty. My husband had the pork dumpling noodle soup which he was a fan of. You really can't go wrong with anything here.   When you used to be able to dine it, sometimes you can get a peek at the chef throwing the noodles to stretch them out if you look through the door to the kitchen. Before COVID-19 times, they also would give each table a pot of tea and have chili oil and vinegar on the tables which are delicious add-ons, but the food is great as is, so while nice they aren't needed.
4 - my hand pulled noodle go-to (on bowery) closed over the summer, unable survive during the age of covid - this place offers a decent alternative but I'm going to continue my search for a replacement - they offer "outdoor seating" in the form of 7 enclosed cabins which honestly without ANY open sides doesn't seem any safer than indoor seating  - I like that they offer so many noodle options/variations - soup dumplings are bite sized but still tasty - ordered the house noodle soup which comes with an assortment of items including a fried egg (which they didn't include but immediately brought once I notified them of the error)  - noodle portion was generous and very filling
1 I made a take-out order of tofu noodles and sesame chicken. The tofu noodles are my favorite. They're so good! But the sesame chicken was completed burned and inedible. I am so angry that they gave me inedible food! Because I paid in cash and didn't know that the chicken was burnt until I went home in Brooklyn, I can't get my money back. I am so angry that they would give me burnt food! I love the noodles but because of their duplicity, I will not go there again.
5 Nice covid seating (just sit down right away if there's an open spot. I waited around for a bit thinking the waitress would seat me but she just told me to take a spot)  I had the house special #2 and the pork veg steamed dumplings. Portions and prices were great. Super full for a $19 meal with tip and leftovers (And I was STARVING before I came in). The noodles were plentiful, broth flavorful without being too salty, and wasn't skimpy on the protein. Steamed dumplings were great too. Food served very hot in to-go containers.   Cash only! Most of the service was good, I didn't feel rushed to eat.  Only taking off half a star bc the confusion and wait with seating, but there's only one server and she's running around so will see how it goes another day.
4 I went here years ago and got some noodle dish and some tofu thing and they were both delicious as I remembered, but that was 2016. Fast forward to 2020, I got some steamed veggie dumplings (on my dumpling food crawl) and they were good. Didn't wow me, but definitely had potential. No indoor seating due to new covid rules. However, they did have these "outdoor" fully covered (indoor) seating which helps in protecting from the winter cold as it was quite nippy outside.
5 Came for my first visit on a pre-birthday Chinatown food crawl with a willing friend.  This was our second stop of the day.  We lucked into one of the little blue huts and our order was quickly taken and the food was brought to us maybe even quicker.  The food was delicious, fresh, and super plentiful.  I really enjoyed the quality of the noodles and appreciated their different shapes and sizes, you can feel the love in the hand pulled shapes.  It took us a little time to get a check at the end, but its just as easy to pop in to the store and let them know we were ready to head out.   This was a great stop on my tour to support some small business in Chinatown.  I look forward to going back and trying more of the menu.
4 Dumplings-5+  Cucumber salad with beef-3  Roast duck noodle soup-4 Beef noodle soup-4  These were the best dumplings I've had in the city. I know... quite a statement, but I've been all over Chinatown and Koreatown. The wrappers of the dumplings were soft but crisp and chewy on the outside. Filling was great too.   Cucumber is super fresh and the beef was really tasty, but neither were seasoned as much as I would've liked. I'm expecting strong flavors of spicy and sour for this dish, their flavor was more mild.   Soup had an incredibly rich broth and the duck was the perfect texture. Meat in the beef noodle soup was good too. Wasn't blown away by the noodles, but waiter didn't ask us what type of noodles we wanted and just gave us regular (we would've gotten knife cut wide noodles). I'd definitely come for the dumplings, would maybe try the noodle soups with knife cut wide noodles next time.
1 This place was so bad. Sorry excuse for Chinese food at Chinatown. The inside of the restaurant when picking up was so unappetizing. The water in the wonton soup tasted like sewer water.
4 We were happy to see the individual pods that they had constructed in front of their restaurant. Very nicely done with a heater included. After ordering, the food is slipped through a slot in the window so minimal social contact. The two of us ordered a seaweed salad, noodle soup, and pan-fried noodles. The hand-pulled noodles were excellent!. We enjoyed our lunch on a cold and dreary November day very much and hope to be back soon...
4 Go for the pork and chive dumplings, stay for the wide noodles with roasted duck.
3 Loved the little outdoor private cabins! Great idea especially with the weather getting colder. Theres a heater under the table that worked great.   The food was okay - nothing note worthy but not bad either. Got some hand pulled noodles and pork soup dumplings.
3 Was overall a bit disappointed by this place. I'll start with the pros. The fried shrimp and vegetable dumplings were incredible! Maybe the best dumplings I've had in the city. What makes these dumplings so unique are the skins. They're lightly pan fried so that they're crisp, yet still chewy and almost a little bouncy and not at all greasy. We also got cucumber with beef tendon which was good. The flavors were a good mix of vinegar, soy sauce, and Szechuan spiciness, although I think I would've liked more of each of those flavors. It was a bit overpriced ($16), which I would expect from a nicer place. I actually found the ambiance of the place rather charming; it's definitely a hole in the wall place and when I walked in, there was an older man hand making dumplings. They were also very creative with their outdoor seating, they essentially built these tiny outdoor wooden shacks. Now for the cons. The 2 noodle soups we got (mixed beef noodle soup and roast duck noodle soup) were sorely lacking in flavor. The broth taste rather bland and I truly can't even name any flavors it had. This is such a letdown because I feel like broth is the most important component of Asian noodle soups. The meats were good. Unfortunately they didn't ask us what kind of noodles we wanted and just brought us rice noodles, so we weren't able to try the knife cut noodles. I'm surprised this place gets so much attention for the noodles, maybe I should've tried the pan fried noodles instead.
4 Knife Cut Beef Noodle Soup - almost really good for how much it costs.  The dumplings were not the best but not bad.
3 My husband #1 house special noodle soup was good. I had a #2 house special noodle soup, but I didn't like it was lack of taste. Aldo we got fried chicken veg. Dumplings and it was bad.
5 Visited on a chilly-ass Saturday nite [10/24] and damn, this really hit the spot - that mix of hot & savory & umami all rolled into one. Good texture on the noods. This will make for really hearty eating as we approach winter. And given the size of their menu + the various noodle options at your disposal, I estimate that if you visited daily and ordered something different every day, it would take you several YEARS to clear the entire board. So there's some food for thought.
4 We were lucky enough to get a "pod" here today. They were quite impressive, they had wheels and equipped with electricity. The food was good, we had veggie fried rice and pork stir fried flat noodles. We would come back here again.
3 noodles and dumplings were great!!!! but the broth in the noodle soup was flavorless, really disappointing
5 5 stars to the restaurant for their customer service! I live outside their delivery range, but they were willing to still deliver my order last night for a small $2 delivery fee.  I love hand cut knife pan fried noodles and found this gem after watching a YouTube video from the Fung Bros Cheap Chinatown eats.  All their noodles are handmade made fresh to order. The process takes a lot of practice, talent, and labor! It's not an easy task.   I ordered beef pan fried knife cut noodles, pork pan fried dumplings, and hand pulled pork noodle soup. (Had to order a ton considering they were doing me a favor by going out of the way!) I made sure to tip well because of this as well.  Thank you for making my Saturday evening. I really appreciate it!
5 Maybe the best stir fried noodles I have had. I loved it. Flavorful and the sauce was delicious. The dumplings were so good too! They serve everything in take away containers. They also have cute outdoor boxes for social distancing. They have several kinds of noodles you can choose from and they have them in soup or stir fry. I would definitely recommend!
5 My absolute favorite place to eat in Chinatown. I've tried several of their noodle soups and every one is incredible! My favorite is the dumpling noodle soup - it's extremely filling and the dumplings are delicious. You can also get frozen dumplings to bring home! Clean and safe option during covid-19 with plenty of distanced outdoor seating. Friendly and super fast service as well.
2 It's covid that made this place eating outside so no frills. Nothing on the tables. No condiments, napkins or utensils. You have to ask for stuff and they give you a face like you're bothering them. They give you a plastic spoon and chopsticks. Bottled water $2. No free water or tea. Soy sauce are the fast food take-out packets and not the home made version that's supposed to be with vinegar and ginger for the dumplings. The beef noodle I had was good. The hand pulled noodles were chewy and fresh. Don't get the general Tso since this was all greasy batter and little bits of chicken. Tasted stale. Service was lacking. The food came out before the appetizer. Cash only. A disappointment as I'm walking and I can see other places nearby had better table service.
4 This spot was packed when I came here, and I'm very glad that it was. The only bad thing was that it took a bit longer than anticipated to get the food, but I didn't mind too much. I ordered the Pan-Fried Seafood Noodles. The noodles were fresh with a bit of that smokiness that comes from frying in a wok, and there was a good assortment of shrimp, fish balls, crab stick, scallops, squid, and veggies. Very satisfying and would happily go again. I wouldn't say they were the best noodles I've ever had but they were certainly delicious.
5 Very good. They have a couple of tables for outdoor seating. I believe it's first come, first serve.   Roasted duck noodle soup was great. Pan fried noodles with roasted duck was also great. And pork soup dumplings. All very cheap and all very good.
5 My group of friends and I came back from a long trip and really wanted hot food when it was cold at night. Each bowl was almost too big to finish and around $7. The firm, chewy texture of the noodles was so good. The broth was tasty, and there were lots of fillings. They cooked it fast, as usual in Chinatown. Apparently this place is Guy Fieri-approved.
5 We stayed in Chinatown during our trip to NYC. While walking around on the first night, we stumbled across Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles, and I'm so glad we did!   What a great little place! I had the roast pork pan noodles. They were excellent! For under $10, this might have been the meal deal of our NYC trip! The fresh noodles had the perfect texture. There was just enough chew to be satisfying but not so much that it was work to eat. The sauce was full flavored but not too salty!   We are pre-covid so we ate there. They had tables set out in the alley. It was a great little experience. I know they're open for carry out so be sure to get some great noodles during this pandemic!   Can't wait to visit again once covid ends!
4 After hearing about this place I finally made my way here first time around went with the classics, drinks just had some Sprite not bad.  We tried the Steamed pork dumplings, they were good .. good with the soy sauce as well. Main dishes I had the #2 meal comes with Chicken, Pork & Shrimp, along with an egg had it with the regular noodles as far as the noodles go they are very good, all the meats were not bad the broth could use some flavor. My company had the Pork & the thick noodle, don't recall name? interesting noodles good a bit more chewy, broth not bad but missing some flavor as well.  we also got a small order of the Chicken & Broccoli, comes with rice very good chicken & broccoli, great tasting sauce. very small location, service was good..quick & prices are reasonable we enjoyed our meal.
3 I was expecting a little more from the duck noodles... The problem was the duck pieces wasn't the best selection
4 Good broth, good noodles, good amount of meat. I have been here a few times over the past 4 years, and they continue to hold it down. There are tons of noodle options to choose from, but hand-pulled is obviously the way to go - perfect texture, filling but don't leave you bloated at all.   Since they are also known for dumplings, I was disappointed with the fried shrimp dumplings I got, which were soggy and didn't have much filling. Next time I'll stick with the noodles.
1 Horrible!!! We came to check a neighboring market and decided to give this place a try considering the reviews. We waited to be seated for a party of 6 and while we were waiting we overheard the waitress arguing with a customer about an extra charge. Then when we were seated we politely asked if the tables could get wiped down. Waitress came back and barely wiped it down. Then we politely asked if we could do it. She threw the sanitizer on the table and walked away. She was extremely rude. So we got up and left before we could place an order. Terrible!!!!!!
5 Epic picnic! Food was amazing so happy I found this gem. Everything was delicious and the food was ready for pickup when I got there. Great prices and service. Can't wait to go back! Got house special hand pulled noodles with veggie fried rice, best Chinese food in NYC
5 Small shop, affordable, and modestly furnished, vibrating with the rhythm of fresh noodle dough perpetually tossed and slammed in the kitchen. I've enjoyed lunch here for years am so thankful such a gem is back serving.   Number of noodle options, all hand made, my go to's being the house special pan fried or noodle soup with knife cut noodles. My American friends swear by the fried rice, an odd choice at a noodle place, but admittedly also exceptional.  Long live tasty!
5 This looks like a hole-in-the-wall place but boy does it pack a punch!  I had their Sesame Chicken, Steamed Chicken Dumplings and their Beef Tendon & Beef Soup. It was such an amazing meal for a little over $40! This was shared with two other people.  Go for the "strange" soups like their Beef Tendon Soup or their Beef Tripe Soup. You'll leave feeling happy and full
5 I am a HUGE fan of this place! Truly their noodles are the best. They're chewy, and one bowl is extremely filling. Their service is also very fast. Additionally, their dumplings are solid if you're looking for an appetizer
5 Every time I go to Chinatown to run errands, I will stop by at this place. The noodles are so fresh! Highly recommend knife cut noodles with duck!
4 I have loved this place for years, but I'm trying to revisit a bunch of my old Chinatown haunts because a bunch of these restaurants have been so hard hit lately.  Tasty hand-pulled noodles is all about truth in advertising. There are noodles; they are tasty; they have been hand-pulled. You can have them be fat, or thin, or flat and wide, or knife cut. You have a selection of meats and seafood and various combinations thereof (I always like to get mixed seafood and roast pork for a truly decadent experience).   The noodles are served either pan-fried or in soup. I strongly encourage getting pan-fried-- the soup is fine but I think the pan-friend highlights the quality of the noodles a little bit better, and at least I personally get more satisfaction from the way the noodles, meats and vegetables come together with a nice wok flavor.  Service is excellent, and this place is also very reliable for delivery although the quality of the noodles will suffer very slightly from being packed in a container for their journey.  Visit them today! We have to patronize these small, mom and pop Chinese eateries now or tomorrow they could be gone!
3 This place is pretty popular. I went on a Monday night and business was steady flowing, but service was still quick. I ordered the chicken noodle soup, which was nice. I liked how fresh the noodles were and the abundance of green veggies. However, I've never tasted chicken that texture, so that was a bit odd for me. The flavor was still okay though. Make sure you come with enough cash as it's cash only.
3 A mediocre small establishment. The prices and size of the soup is average for most soup joints. While I do like the choice of different noodles, the soup is super bland. It lacks taste in every way. The broth is bland and the veggies and toppings are just as bad. Definitely not worth the time and "Tasty" is an overstatement.
4 Ordered roast duck soup. Came with generous amount of savory duck, noodles & veggies (small bok choy or 上海小白菜) in a sumptuous broth. Had it with the 刀削面 dao xiao mian. Served with hot tea. Typical matter-of-fact service; tell them what you want and they'll be glad to oblige, but they don't hover coyingly and refill your water glass unbidden (pitcher of water and pot of tea are on the table). Value so much better than some high concept places, and the taste was perfect.
3 18 bucks after tips for 2 items. The Xiao long bao is prob one of the best tasting ones I've ever had. Taste is 5/5. But is much smaller than normal. The house special noodle broth is good. Average overall
5 Tasty is an understatement because these noodles are heavenly and divine. The texture and pull, the chewiness, the flavor, these noodles really have it all and it blows my mind. I came here with some friends and I ordered the duck stir-fried noodles and was not disappointed. We decided to throw in some dumplings and they were pretty good nothing too crazy but of course, the star of the show was the stir-fried noodles. I already went on about the texture but the flavor was great and I recommend the duck because the noodle really takes in the duck fat making it even tastier! The duck itself was pretty standard but that is not a bad thing at all considering the noodles were the main point of this dish.   We went around 12 PM on the weekend and fortunately, there was no wait. They also have a yelp waitlist so make sure to use that! The place is a bit tight and a bit gritty but that is probably a sign that it is good. It is cash only so make sure to be ready! I highly recommend this place and will for sure be coming back soon.
5 My boyfriend adores this place, so on his behalf, we are showing our support of this hole-in-wall gem! What gives this place fame is obviously not its aesthetics. It's a small, tight, undecorated store that doesn't exactly give you the cleanest feel, but you truly can't find such well-executed noodles elsewhere. I'm not talking about the broth, I mean seriously, just the noodles itself is that unique and good. We get knife-cut which is the chewy, thick, and elastic noodles that come in big ribbons. It really has a texture I haven't found matched at any other noodle shop. The soup is bland and the meat is just OK FYI, so when I say you're coming here just for the noodles, I seriously mean it. Regardless, it's fun to flavor the soup to your liking using the various sauces and condiments offered!
1 This place sucks. I ordered beef broccoli with rice but they had small and big size.  I asked the lady about how big and she showed me the regular box. The price came out like $14.75. It is insane. As we know the coronal virus came out less ppl go to chinese Restaurant so the beef is not fresh.  The rice was also spoiled. They tried to keep the food even they could not sell the food. That's very bad! Do not go to this place.
4 Walked in this hole-in-the-wall for lunch on a Sunday. It's pretty cramped in there but since I came a little late for lunch (around 1:30) there were plenty of seats.   The servers were nice and accommodating. Nothing to complain about here!  As for the food, we got the pan-fried roast duck with knife-cut noodles. Big portions. Juicy duck, and the skin was very flavorful. They also gave us tea while we waited shortly for our food. It's on the pricer side at $11.75 (I used the Allset app). Didn't get to check the actual prices shown on the physical menus, so wasn't able to check if it was cheaper to just walk in.
4 You know if Guy Fieri says this is the best thing he ever had in a bowl, you just have to try this place out.   Yes, the restaurant is tiny. You drink in paper cups. But the service here is FAST. We ordered and minutes later, the lady plopped our bowls down.   I ordered the Roast Duck Noodle Soup ($9.50? I think) with Small Wide Noodles. There is a variety of noodle types to choose from, which was neat. And oh my god, let me just say that broth was delish. All of the flavors of the roast duck had submerged into the broth, that I didn't even want to ruin it at first by adding in chili oil and vinegar. The noodles did need a lot of breaking apart since it seemed like they just dumped a frozen batch in, but all good! On a cold winter day, I was craving something soupy and delicious, and this fit the bill and taste!   I don't know if it really is the best thing I ever had in a bowl, but I would definitely go back to try their other foods!
5 Great food, great value, quick service. All of the noodles are freshly made - you can see the guys in the kitchen making them. This really up-levels their dishes. We could also tell that the dumplings were handmade too. Everything was great. We got beef noodle soup, shrimp and beef  pan fried noodles, and pork dumplings. Everything was so fairly priced and the portions were very generous. We were only able to finish one of the noodles. I appreciated that in both dishes, they provided a lot of meat and vegetables so you had  an even ratio of flavors and textures in every bite. Quaint place to have a warm cozy meal on a cold winter day. Super glad we tried  it.
2 This is the worst Chinese food I have ever had in New York. I ordered The famous Lanzhou beef noodle and it tasted so bad that I had to give it up entirely. The owner said they want to make the food tasted more Americanized to make the customers happy here. But the truth is the taste is so bad that it ruins the Chinese cuisine reputation. And one more thing, it is over charged for its food. Even Joe's Shanghai is cheaper than it but has much good quality. Advice: don't go!
4 Fast service and delicious food. The noodles had a very nice  "bounce" on every bite and the soup was well seasoned. Makes me reminisce about eating this as a child.
4 Great sesame chicken and rice. Pan fried noodles were good too. Could use a bit more flavor but a solid 7.5/10. Next time will try dine in to see the noodle process.
4 Definitely not the fanciest venue but I'm a sucker for hole in the wall type place and love the aesthetic. I mean, it's really more so about the food! I've tried their hand pulled noodles with duck and it was awesome the first time and the second time it was good but I was less wow-ed? The duck has been consistently great though. What I now come back for are the pan fried chicken dumplings with chili oil. Sooo goooood!!! It's simple but delicious, I recommend it as an appetizer when you go
1 How this place has such high ratings is beyond me. I was excited to finally get my tummy on some fresh hand-pulled noodles and google and Yelp got me to venture out of my comfort zone and try a new place. What an absolute disappointment.   I got the beef noodle soup. The soup was bland and the noodles were overcooked. The beef was just a-ok. My brother's sesame chicken was not crispy on the outside and the sauce overly sweet (I know American Chinese dish and I know it's supposed to be sweet, but this is another level of sweetness that I have not had anywhere else). The chicken chunks were cut way too big. At their pricing I expected much more, but I guess their pricing should have cued me in that this is not an authentic place.
5 This is a very small place. I went at 11 in the morning on a week day and got a seat right away. Prices were reasonable. Fried chicken dumplings was my favorite here. From the noodles, I liked pan fried hand peeled noodles the most. I got it with beef, which was nice. Pan fried hand pulled noodles was also good. I got it with tofu. I am not a fan of tofu. Next time I will definetely skip tofu.
3 Place was ok but I don't understand the cash only policy.  Food was ok but we were seated in the basement and the smell wasn't pleasant.  We had pork soup dumplings, noodle soup and General Tso chicken.  It was ok and served hot but it's a treat squeeze in the basement.
4 This that good good for noodles, that shitty freezer visible from the kitchen, dough covering the counter, constant mandarin yelling kind of good good.   Small space, but also small prices. Any noodle dish you are allowed to select what kind of noodles you fancy, and there are a dizzying number of options for both soup and pan fried noodles. I myself had the knife cut noodle soup with pork, and enjoyed the freshness of it due to the herbs inside. A satisfying meal, especially in the cold.
5 This place is de-licious!!! Have been to this same place already 3 times in 3 years. The place looks small but it packs really good food. The noodles are hand made, and no three noddles are the same. The service is okay since all staff is multitasking however the food does put to the table fast. Highly recommended!!
1 Found a staple in my soup and also got sick off of it :/ ca not recommend at this point. The dumplings were fine though...
3 There's probably nothing I can add here, and I'm not reading nearly 1600 reviews to affirm my own experience, but don't order the duck.  It comes mostly cold, full of bone shards, and you'll be left with a scrap pile that far exceeds what you were able to eat.  If you like cold duck with unrendered fat, rubbery skin, hacked up by a cleaver, by all means - please disregard.  The noodles are excellent. The skinny ones, the wide ones... they have a lovely bite, all of them.   There's an excellent proportion of veggies to everything else, and while the various dishes mostly taste the same, they are flavorful even without the wide selection of condiments on the tables.  Tasty, as promised.  If you're looking for a hearty meal at a very reasonable price, with a clip of Guy Fieri's voice rolling ad infinitum in the background, I can only recommend this spot.  But do stay away from that tragic duck, whom you cannot help, and died for nothing.
3 Average.  I think this place is decent, but nothing special.  We ordered the beef noodles and duck noodles. They definitely give you a good portion size. The noodles and broth were good and the meats were tender and flavorful, but again it didn't stand out to me. It was just average.
4 Gotta say, this is probably the BEST veggie noodle bowl I've had in ages!! If you're looking for authentic pulled noodles, with a traditional Chinatown casual setting, this is your place!
5 This food was awesome - there are not enough words to describe the vegetable fried rice - it is like none other. I have eaten in several places around the United States- this is by far the best I have ever had. The authentic at is best - will definitely return next time I'm in the area.
5 Found this place because of the reviews on yelp. IT WAS SO DELICIOUS! Very small dining area but I know there's tables in the basement. Authentic hand pulled noodles and the freshest dumplings. Would def recommend!
1 I picked up seafood noodle soup--There were 2 pieces of shrimp and 2 pieces of clam. They tasted old. There were also 2 pieces of face crab and 2 pieces of fish balls, products from the frozen food section that I could've defrosted myself. I didn't like the order and called to ask for an exchange. The man over the phone gave me a lot of attitude and asked why I ordered it if I didn't like it. Well, I didn't think what was in the bowl was worth $12. Just an FYI for anyone ordering seafood noodle soup!
4 This week I made my second trip ever to tasty hand pulled noodles! This place is located on Doyers street so if you're not familiar with the area it can be a little hard to find since it's a twist and a turn off of a Main Street on a small side street that at times does not have through traffic and is set up with tables along the street and the street may even be painted. Anyway ... this is a no frills kind of place they stick you where they have room for you ... last time I went during a busy Saturday and was seated in the basement this time I sat upstairs... which I much preferred. Their noodles are fresh made to order and some of the best in the Chinatown area I think when going to a place called tasty Handpulled noodles you should in fact GET THE NOODLES you won't be disappointed. I like that you have many thicknesses that you can choose from I prefer the big wide ones. I will definitely come back just for them.
3 My noodz addiction has gone out of control. I seriously crave it weekly and with so many places in CT, I can't escape it. Hand-pulled noodles are all the rage here apparently as every noodz place here is hand-pulled. I came for lunch and it the small restaurant was packed. With over 1400 reviews, I had high hopes.   I ordered the pan fried roasted duck noodles. The portions are extremely big. The first thing I noticed was that the dish was extremely oily. I know I ordered it pan fried, but damn, it was too much. I did like the texture of the noodles though. It tasted a little blandish, but the hot sauce on the table helped. The duck was aight  and wasn't anything special.   I kind of regretted not ordering the noodles in soup. The excess oil made me dislike this dish. At $12, this isn't the cheapest place around town. I prob won't be back too soon.  Cash only.
4 This was a hole in the wall I've been told about from numerous friends. I got the pork steamed dumplings which were ok- I used to live in Chinatown and I've had better, more flavorful dumplings and I also got the pan fried beef noodles which was good but tasted like Lo Mien with beef. The place is cash only so keep that in mind!
4 This is one of the restaurants right off Doyers where they have sectioned off the road for outdoor dining. It specializes in hand pulled and knife cut noodles. They have the noodles in soup or stir fried forms with your choice of meat. All dishes come with a bit of greens in them. Super tasty place!
4 It's yummy. You come here for the hand pulled noodles and it delivers. I got the regular hand pulled noodles with roasted duck. Decent portion of vegetables mixed with it and the sauce is good but not overwhelming.   Don't expect great service. It's a typical Chinese restaurant so you're in and out. You will get crammed into a table and be sitting next to a complete stranger. But they give you your order and they will give you tea and water. Basic service and no frills.   I'm giving four and not five stars because of the meat portion. The duck pieces were few and most of them were fatty and I couldn't even eat most of it. I also tried the pan fried chicken and vegetable dumplings- they weren't terrible but they weren't great. You can get better dumplings elsewhere in Chinatown.   The noodles were good. And that's what you come here for.
5 I've eaten here about a dozen times.  I guess I've always enjoyed their food.  I've tried a half dozen noodle soups and really savored those meals.  Different types of noodles, seafood, beef, veggies, all delicious!  Be hungry when you go and don't mind sitting next to or with strangers. Also the staff is always efficient and even nice.
3 The place uses the same branding and signage as the pulled noodle places in Shanghai opened by Hui people who are predominantly Muslims, but it isn't kosher because they serve pork.  I gave three stars because the pork potstickers are among the best I've had in nyc, but it's not as crispy or soupy as I'd like, and a little too greasy. I also tasted chives--which is an odd occurrence for pork potstickers. I think they used the same filling for dumplings and just cooked them differently--fried at the bottom. But potstickers and dumplings aren't essentially the same if you ask a chinese person.  I also got the Lanzhou pulled beef noodle soup, the beef is more marinated and darker in color than the ones prepared by Hui people in China. There was also preserved cabbage and baby spinach leaves in the soup--I think the preserved cabbage is from another noodle dish, minced pork and preserved cabbage noodles (雪菜肉丝面) and the baby spinach is just unusual to see in soup noodles at a restaurant--It only happens when Im cooking at home, don't have a proper veggie dish and decide to conveniently add some leaves to my soup from a bag of Trader Joe's baby spinach left in the fridge.  So in conclusion, I think they try to add too many different elements to one dish. I'm not orthodox or pedantic about the roots or origin of food--I think food will inevitably change when they are brought to a different continent or even a different city because of ingredient availability or local flavors etc. But I just didn't like the outcome of the fusion. The noodle stuck together and the soup tasted like the braise from the beef. There was a pulled noodle shop in St. Louis across the street from my college where they actually hand pull the noodles in front of you, sometimes not even by an ethnically Chinese person but the noodles there taste better. I expect more from a nyc restaurant run and owned by Chinese immigrants.   I think the reviews are good because it's been there for a long time, it's cheap, and also they have a lot of choices--this is the Chinese restaurant that you'd imagine a non-Asian person to like--it has everything from every region of China, adding common ingredients from the US and putting everything together, hoping the variety in offering will boost their business--but they excel in none and has neither authenticity nor originality.
5 I came in for lunch during my break from jury duty and got pan fried hand pulled noodles with beef. I got a table immediately and my food came out in less than 5 minutes. Noodles were very hot and very tasty
1 Ordered for delivery. Took forever. So long that the food never came. Contacted grub hub and they said the restaurant claimed they delivered it already. I got refunded expect that doesn't help me and my hungry family. Worst place ever. I think they have trouble speaking English properly to where one can understand.
4 Pretty solid - I had the beef noodle soup. Cheap and delicious. Only reason I didn't 5 stars is that it didn't have that extra something to make it over the top. Would go here again!
4 Noodles are great; they're hand-pulled. Soup was boiling hot, yum! Price is affordable, $7.50 for a bowl of Golden Fish Ball Hand Pulled Noodles. Definitely satisfying. But like others have mentioned, probably not the cleanest restaurant you've been to. Utensils are sticky. Not sure why, they look clean, but still sticky. Restaurant is very small, great for a quick bite.
5 They're tasty, they're hand pulled, and they're noodles!! Been coming to this spot for years and it's still one of my most favorite spots in all of Chinatown. I've had a myriad of dishes here and I keep coming back to the lo mein. Easily my favorite, but the noodle soup is always a highlight, the dumplings steamed or fried are delicious, and just about any other dang thing on the menu. I cant speak for service as it's not always great and the seating situation is often complicated, and it is cash only, but the food is unparalleled. If you dont want to risk a potentially frustrating diem in experience, would highly recommend take out as they're are fast and do quite a stiff business.
4 This place is the definition of no-frills. You grab menus at the front, seat yourself, serve yourself water from the water containers or grab a soda from the fridge and patiently wait for the staff to come around to take your order. You have the option of choosing from a variety of hand pulled noodles!! I'd suggest just sticking with the noodle soups or pan fried noodles. Everything else is overpriced Chinese food ($16 for sesame chicken that you can get for $8 in any other neighborhood). The soup dumplings tasted like they were frozen, pre-made and then warmed up. I suggest the pan fried fat HP ND noodles with shrimp. That dish has the most flavor, almost similar to lo-mein. I often find their other noodle and soup dishes to be a bit bland. Overall, the most attractive thing about this place is the price. You can fill up on a dish for as low as $8!
5 After two visits this summer I am hooked on this place. The noodles are so so good. And seeing them being pulled in the kitchen is fascinating. Small, cash only, nice small street in Chinatown.
5 Let's face it: you don't come here for the service or a clean dining experience. You strictly come here for the food.  My all-time favorite dish is the pan fried pork chop noodles with knife cut noodles. The soups are also good, but the noodles in this dish are extra chewy and flavorful. It's the Chinese rival to Piccola Cucina Osteria Siciliana (a fabulous Italian joint on Spring Street that serves handmade noodles).   You can also get a massive meal for a small price--but remember that this is a cash-only establishment! Come prepared.
5 My go to place for dumplings and hand-pulled noodles.
5 Ordered for dinner and had it delivered down to Wall Street, they showed up at the EXACT time I asked for it.  I got an order of 6 Shrimp and Vegetable Pan Fried Dumplings and Roast Duck Hand Pulled Noodles to share with someone. It was the perfect amount because they really pack the food into the container so it may seem like much when you first take a look but once you start to plate it you realize it's a really good amount. $20 for both with tax and free delivery (via Delivery.com)
4 The noodle soups are pretty good here - my favorite to order is always breef brisket noodle soup.  Soup is pretty good but I've had better broth at other hand pulled noodle places.  The dumplings are alright here as well - nothing too special.  I'll still recommend this place for their noodle soups! Something warm and homey - it hits the spot on those cold winter nights!
1 The food is great. Four stars, really. But let's talk about the service, consideration (or should I say lack of). I placed a simple order and patiently waited for my food. An hour passed, then another. Where the heck was my food?! I was hungry when I ordered and now I was hangry. But I kept my composure and kindly called them to ask. The woman who answered said it wasn't her fault because she was new and didn't know how to work the system. That's fine and I said "so will it come?" She responded, "do you want it to come?" (Umm I don't know I think I ordered it for a reason...) and we asked her to deliver and she said, "fine." Thirty minutes passed and I call again, and asked to cancel the food because we had been waiting too long. She said "ok" and quickly hung up.  AND did not refund me.   Long story short. They are rude and disrespectful but somehow equally delicious
5 I was just in Lanzhou, China earlier this year for hand pulled noodles with beef. I can assure you that this is one of the most authentic noodles that you can find in NYC. No need to order anything else. Just come sit down and order a bowl of beef noodles with thick style. Only $8.50!
4 Not bad I would say. Good texture noodle at good price. The meat is well cooked and it's a lot which I like. The only thing I want to complain about is the soup. Its favor is not deep enough but I feel like it's ok overall. 5 stars on noodle and price, 3 stars on soup. Overall 4 stars.
3 This place looks small, but there is additional seating downstairs. When we arrived, the main floor was packed, so we were escorted to the downstairs sitting area. The main issue is that the waiters and waitresses are not as aware that there are customers downstairs, so we felt neglected throughout the meal. Service in Chinese restaurants is supposed to be hands-off, but neglecting service is not ok. We spend 90 minutes here when it would have been less than 45 minutes just because no one comes down regularly. Someone in our group had to almost go up before someone comes down to serve us.   I shared the pan fried hand pulled noodles with roast duck, fish ball with meat inside noodle soup, steamed vegetable dumplings, and xiao long bao with a friend. The pan fried hand pulled noodles are quite chewy yet slightly soft, and it was very flavorful. The roast duck is pretty typical, but there is quite a bit of fat on it that I had to get rid of to thoroughly enjoy the duck. The fish ball with meat is okay, as it was not as good as I expected, and the noodles (same kind as the pan fried ones) are a lot softer than the pan fried version. The steamed vegetable dumplings are pretty standard, and the xiao long bao was okay. Overall, I was disappointed by the service and some of the dishes we ordered, but I would still recommend people to give it a try once and just go with the pan fried noodles if they want to know what hand pulled noodles are like.
5 Tasty hand pulled noodles is one of the best noodles places in Chinatown New York they have excellent customer service and let us stay inside when it started raining
4 I came back for the first time after two years, and it was great. I guess I was just not happy with their knife-cut noodles the first time I came. I got their thick hand-pulled noodles with pork dumplings (which comes with bok choy and spinach, yay vegetables), and the entire bowl of food was delicious! The pork dumplings were super flavorful, and the skin was chewy and not overcooked. The noodles were simply delightful: thick and chewy, perfectly bouncy. I loved the noodles, and I'm sure this is going to be my go-to spot if I ever want hand-pulled noodles. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is I was really thirsty both times after eating here recently, making me suspect use of MSG. Price-wise, my bowl of noodles with dumplings was $8.71 post-tax, and it's a lot of food. Three people can comfortably share two bowls of noodles for sure. Ambiance is a hole-in-the-wall Chinese shop, but food is delicious regardless. I think I'm going to ask for no MSG in my soup next time I go!
3 In my opinion, this joint is a little overrated! While good, there are definitely comparable options in Canada and elsewhere. Perhaps it was a novelty when it first started, but I didn't find this place particularly delicious (or maybe I just arrived with higher expectations).   I ordered the beef tendon noodles with knife cut noodles. Honestly, at $8.50, there were far fewer beef tendon pieces than expected. The interesting thing I found was their marinade of the beef tendons; unlike the typical Taiwan or Canton version where the tendons are big and chunky, these versions were cut extremely thin and seemed to be a bit... pickled? It had a very strong clover taste, almost reminiscent to the soup base for Vietnamese pho or some Sichuan cuisine. The additions of spinach was interesting, and I thoroughly enjoyed the pickled cabbages at the bottom.   Noodle wise, the knife cut noodles were thick and meaty in parts, and thin and soggy in others. I love knife cut noodles because of its varied textures, though would recommend the traditional hand pulled noodles if you prefer something more constant and al dente. At times, knife cut noodles can feel as if you're just chewing on thick pieces of dough.  Overall, a good and hearty comforting meal, but nothing out of this world! Would likely choose something a bit more unique in Chinatown next time...
4 Great hand-pulled noodles! Tried the duck pan fried noodle and with fat noodles. Perfect noodle chewiness and flavor. I also really appreciated the amount of vegetables they put into the dish.   Would recommend getting a different meat other than duck however; the duck was not very fresh or flavorful. I also wished they included some egg in the dish.   Other than some minor gripes, these noodles are amazing. Definitely recommend stopping by for a quick meal!
4 The noodles are full of flavor and definitely hand pulled. You can see them make the noodles in the kitchen and hear them smacking the noodles on the counter. My favorite is the beef soup.
4 Great little place if you are looking for some good noodles! The service is very Chinatown, abrupt but friendly. Make sure you are not in a major hurry and enjoy the surrounding shops. Bring cash! They do not accept credit or debit cards.
5 Tasty food for a affordable price!! They had WiFi and I was able to get a big plate of Hand-Pulled noodles for a good price ! Family owned restaurant would recommend ^-^
4 I have been coming here for 10 years - clearly I am a fan even though prices have increased $2 over the last few years. (I lived in China so I happen to think I know a thing or two about Chinese food.)  TOURISTS - If you are reading this, watch and learn. You don't come here to order what you get back home. Observe the locals and order something different - don't be afraid to use all the spices on the table either - they literally make all the difference. Be sure to try the yellow bottle - it's authentic Chinese vinegar and it adds a great funky taste to your broth!   Note: NYC is not the suburbs. This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall. It is not appropriate for your large group + baby stroller. Make yourself small! Go to Times Square TGI Fridays if you want space and familiarity.   Vegetarians - Be clear and confirm when you order, they consistently mess up vegetarian noodles (although they replace them when they do, save yourself the trouble).   Everyone - Learn how to use chopsticks - it's not that hard!   Cheers and enjoy!
4 So good! The tofu was light, fluffy, and delicious. The noodles were incredible and the dim sum was fantastic. I'm a vegetarian and truly loved this place. Cash only!
3 I ordered the chicken and vegetable dumplings. While the dumplings were cheap, I wouldn't recommend them because they were pretty flavorless. I liked the vegetable pan fried noodles a bit better though. It was not overly salty, but it was very oily at the bottom of the dish (as expected from Chinese take out). The noodles themselves were fresh and chewy. I like how you get to choose from a variety of noodle shapes when ordering.   Overall, the food here is fine for the price. I probably would not come back, because I feel like there are other places in Chinatown that have better food. However, I would not be against getting food here again, especially if wanted noodles and wanted to "customize" my noodle dish (i.e. pick the shape of noodles I want)
5 Best hand-pulled noodle soup I've had outside of Asia. The veggie fried rice was also really good! I highly recommend both. Super fast delivery.
4 Currently my go-to cheap and delicious Chinese spot in Chinatown. I love the hand-pulled noodles with duck. SO filling. It's a sit down place but VERY casual. If it looks full inside, they might direct you to their downstairs dining, which I just discovered last month. I'd recommend staying on the top floor if you can help it.
5 The hand pulled noodles were good. However, the pan fried pork dumplings were AMAZING. I had never had a dumpling remotely close to that - wish we could have gone back!
2 Not sure what all the hype was about. Just ok tasting noodles, nothing out of this world!
3 I don't understand why the reviews are so good. Yeah it is small, could get very crowded. That is not the issue for me. I ordered the beef noodle. I found the broth too thick and noodle overcooked. I can find something better in the area
4 Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles is as authentic as it gets for a quick cheap and tasty meal  in the heart of chinatown. The spot is small with a few tables on the main level and a few more on the basement but when we arrived we did not have to wait long for a table. It was a little crowded tucked in a corner.  For food we ordered two sets of dumplings, the steamed pork ones and the fried vegetable set. They come in either 6 or 8 dumplings which makes for a great appetizer to share.  The vegetable dumplings were a bit on the fragrant side (Maybe the fennel?) and I thought the pork ones were a lot better.  The best part of this restaurant in mu opinion are the home made hand -pulled noodles that are made fresh while you watch. It is such a treat to see the main chef in action crafting noodles while you wait for them. It does not get better than that.  I tried them on a pork soup with vegetables that was delicious and made better thanks to the ridiculously good red chilly sauce on the table. DO NOT MISS IT.
5 This is one of my favorite spots in the city. It's hard to find authentic Chinese food, so I have to travel downtown to get it.  Pan fried chicken noodle - 5/5. An absolute must! Delicious, flavorful, with just the right texture and taste for noodles.  Sesame chicken - 5/5. Delightful and tasty.  Overall, food is fantastic and customer service is friendly.
2 Don't know what happen to this place, but today's experience was not good. The Duck fried noodle was still good, but the Beef stew noodle soup was just awful. Looked and tasted like leftovers of the bad cuts of meat and regiments thrown in the pot and boiled in dishwasher water. Not one piece of meat was edible and after the first spoon of broth I swallowed I felt really nauseous. We left the whole bowl almost untouched. The quality of the noodle is still good, but we'll never risk it again to order any kind of soup from them (given if we return to this place at all).
4 Yummo!!!!!  We had the duck noodles, delicious and big enough for 2 people.  Saw this place on tv and didn't realize where we were until we saw guy's picture.  Neat to watch the man pull the fresh noodles.
3 I called to see if they accepted credit cards but the woman who answered the phone said, "cash only" and hung up on me before I can order. Anyway, I called back to place an order right before 6pm. I went there and  it was about 50% full of customers in the middle of the week. The same woman who answered my call helped me. She wasn't too friendly and got annoyed when I asked if there were forks and napkins. "There's chopsticks only, no forks" and hands me my bag. We got pan fried chicken and beef noodles. Noodels were fresh but the sauce was lacking a little. Too bad they didn't give me a soy sauce packet which would have brought out the flavor some more. Would have given at least 4 stars for the noodles minus 1 star for customer service. Over all, they get 3.5 stars. Not sure about going back there again.
4 A really solid place.  The duck noodles is the way to go (I found the thick regular hand pulled were too thick, I'd stay with the classic).  Great dumplings too!  No frills, so maybe not a date spot or a post-graduation fancy dinner choice.
5 Service here was great. The place is really small but we were able to sit down pretty quick. I ordered knife pulled noodles with vegetables and the vegetables were great--very fresh and delicious. I did not like the noodles. But the noodles that my family ordered, fat hand pulled and thin hand pulled were really exceptional. My daughter ordered fried tofu noodles and it was really great with very fresh ingredients. My husband had the house special soup and it was also good.
5 This place is known for the variety of hand-pulled noodles. Situated at Chinatown, Manhattan and easy to locate, the place is quite small in seating. The food which we ordered were shrimp and chicken steamed dumplings and the regular chicken and shrimp hand-pulled noodles. What's special about the noodles? They are never ending noodles which has to be broken in every bite but yummy and soft and very bite gets the explosion of flavors in the mouth. The noodles comes with the right amount of meat and veggies which makes it a healthy option too! And if you're a light eater, then you should tag along with one more person to complete one entire plate of noodles!
4 The name doesn't lie - they do tasty hand pulled noodles the best! Dumplings are also solid. I get take-out from here mostly and it's been really fast every time I've been. I do wish they'd give more duck when you order duck noodles, but it's still pretty good.
5 Ordered the ox tail hand pulled noodles and it was absolutely amazing! First off, the noodles were nice and bouncy. The soup was light and hearty at the same time. And there is a generous portion of ox tail pieces. And if you are looking some heat to your noodle soup, which I was, there were some hot peppers and hot chili oil on the table.
4 This restaurant has great noodles! We had a hard time finding it since it is tucked away, but it was worth the search. This restaurant is completely clean and safe and the food is amazing! We had the chicken soup with dumplings and pan fried pulled noodles with chicken, etc. Delicious!
5 Absolutely fantastic, I was literally just here and I can't wait to come back already.   We got vegetarian knife cut pan fried noodles, beef and shrimp knife cut pan fried noodles, Fujianese wonton meat ball soup, and vegetable steam fried dumplings. The knife cut noodles have such a wonderful soft, doughy, irregular texture. It was such a great value. Everything came out to $26, we couldn't believe the price.   The restaurant was really clean inside, and the food came out super fast. It's in a fun location on an interesting street with lots of good food.   I absolutely recommend coming to Tasty Hand - Pulled Noodles
5 Wow! Everything we had here was delicious. Pan fried chicken dumplings, spring rolls, and chicken pan fried noodles. My husband doesn't even like pan fried noodles / chow mein but he loved these. Highly recommend!!
3 It's okay  Had dumplings, and noodles  The sauce is really good and chili sauce  Other than that nothing to write home about. Good texture on noodles but broth didn't like that much
5 My favorite for simple, consistent, heart-warming noodle dishes. The spicy cucumbers are so good and the vegetable dumpling noodle soup is my go to. Stir-fried noodle dishes always look and smell amazing, but I can't bear to order anything but the soup when I go because I can never get veggie broth anywhere else.   Tight quarters and quick! Get in, slurp it up, and get out in 30-40 min.
4 Love the chewiness, flavor, and consistency of the hand pulled noodles. Great value for the pricing too! My favorite noodles in Chinatown.
4 Large helping of noodles.  Great spot in Chinatown for good food on a budget.  The steamed dumplings were great.  Not quite 5-stars since I've had better hand-pulled noodles in NYC, although admittedly at a higher price.
3 Food was good but pan fried noodle was too oily. We had the vegetable pan fried noodle, shrimp pan fried noodle, and beef noodle soup. Soup was tasty and hot. Atmosphere and cleanliness need to be improved. Bathroom was also not clean. Well what to expect from Chinatown.
4 pretty tasty. I had a noodle soup and it was delicious. I would LOVE to try their noodles. They seemed super delicious and tasty. Will def go back for takeout.
5 Best hand pulled noodles i have ever had in my life!! No seriously. Noodles, especially Lo MEIN/chow MEIN is my favorite Chinese dish ever. They just crazy blew it . I can't explain it much by saying how great this place is. It's in the heart of China town coming from a true Chinese family ready to serve and feed you a true FEAST. If I ever come back in NY, it's a must try ! For anyone who wants to get the best noodles ever, COME HERE !  Highly recommend: Special House pulled noodles  Fried pork dumplings   Tip: cash only!! & one meal is PERFECT TO SHARE! Don't think it's enough for one person trust us!
4 Really loved this place! Great noddle spot near by where I live, delicious hand pulled noddles in succulent sauces.
2 Urghh. We had high hopes coming here, but what a disappointment. We ordered the number 1 special combination hand pulled noodle soup. The picture looked good, with ample beef slices, beef tendon, greens, Squid, etc. Well when the dish came it was a gross case of false advertising. It was just tiny little slices of meet on the bottom of the bowl you need to dig for. The broth was seriously underwhelming. I had to literally use most of the condiments on both our and the neighbor's table to fix that broth. The noodles were just ok. It didn't really taste hand made, but factory or mass produced. Overall this was a bummer. As my foodie sister would say, a waste of calories.
4 The noodles and the dumplings are so fresh, they almost melt in your mouth. Every time I am in NY, I have to stop by. This place is small so sometimes there is a wait but people usually eat quickly and leave since this place is cramped and dirty. I would give them a 5 star if they remodeled and cleaned up a bit. But the food is superb and pricing just right.
4 A little rough on the eyes, this restaurant is definitely a hole in the wall.....but that's how you know you're getting the authentic hand-pulled noodle experience you signed up for in the first place!  Every time I stop by for a $7 lunch I'm transported from Manhattan and into China (Yes. I did just say, $7 including tip and hot tea). Don't worry about that loud banging noise, for once it's not New York city maintenance or construction. The ruckus is in fact just your delicious noodles being tossed around...quite literally.   Things to keep in mind when stopping by:  cash only Fast paced environment parties of 5 or more will be cramped for space You can easily eat yourself into a food comma
5 This review is based on the delivery that I ordered from here last night. Due to the dreary weather outside, we didn't feel like going anywhere so we decided to order in. At first, we were a little disappointed that it said that we would have to wait over an hour for our food though it was peak dinner hours so we did sort of expect as much, but the food actually came over fifteen minutes earlier (a very rare occurrence)! On top of that, the delivery man was so friendly as well.   For the three of us, we ordered a Beef Noodle Soup, Fujianese Wonton Noodle Soup, Pan Fried Roast Duck Noodles, and Pork Vegetable Dumplings. Let's just say that for $40 (including tax and tip), it was way too much food. We finished the two noodle soups and the dumplings but I've been able to split out the Roast Duck noodles for two lunches. Talk about a great deal! The food is also pretty good, especially considering that we weren't eating it there (oftentimes, the food gets cold by the time it arrives).   I preferred the noodle soup over the pan fried noodles, but both are pretty solid. My personal favorite type of noodles is the Fat Hand Pulled Noodles which is what I ordered for my Wonton Noodle Soup (they're super thick and chewy but it's all really personal preference). The dumplings had a delicious filling but the skin was a little on the soggier side. However, the sauce that they give you to dip the dumplings in was SOOOO GOOD. All in all, we were pretty satisfied with our meal and the service we were provided. Would definitely order from again in the future.
5 We had a good noodle dinner here, exactly what we were looking for. It was fun to watch the noodles being pulled in the kitchen. Very reasonable price for a full plate of noodles. Small, hole in the wall kind of place.
1 Avoid. The soup is completely tasteless. Beef doesn't have any flavor. Not even close to authentic Lanzhou ramen.
5 The best dumplings in New York City. Price are cheap. And the sauce is also delicious. Also, beef noodles are very delicious and popular. But, the smell of the restaurant... not so good.
4 Got the beef hand pulled noodles and some pan fried dumplings. The noodles stole the show!! So delicious!
4 When you can see the chef rolling and stretching your noodles right before your eyes....there is nothing better. I visited NYC on a weekend and had to stop at this restaurant. Small and quaint, friendly staff - they allowed me to go into the kitchen and record the chef, THE THINGS I DO FOR YELP. I ordered the roasted duck noodles --- so full of flavor and the noodles were so chewy and fresh. I ate the entire thing and I kept on my self guided food tour in Chinatown...Great spot, loved my noodles until the last drop.
5 The noodles are so chewy and springy! It's like chewing on abalone or bubble gum in your mouth. I opted for the shrimp and chicken knife cut noodles. The noodles were wider and larger which have more texture to chew through. I absolutely loved it! The dish over was well seasoned but they give you a bunch of condiments at your table to flavor the dish to your liking. The place is small and tight inside. They also only accept cash only so come prepared!
1 Noodles soggy and the house special came with absolutely no meat. Will not be coming back
5 At first the food tasted a little bland but as I kept eating it became more and more delicious. I can't say that's something I've ever experienced but I found myself eating the entire plate. I had the roast pork fried noodles with small wide noodles and vegetable fried dumplings.   Absolutely no ambience or anything fancy but if you're looking for true rugged no frills dining experience this is definitely it!   So cheap, I'd definitely recommend this place. 2 mains and a starter for $26.
4 delicious fried chicken/veggie and pork/veggie dumplings!!! i cannot recommend them enough. the noodles are delicious but under no circumstances get the chicken noodles, their chicken was weirdly gelatinous......i shouldn't have gotten them.   service is expected, busy and fast. don't expect anything special. comes with tea complimentary- a nice touch.   small restaurant, smells a little questionable i'm not going to lie.   definitely come for some good dumplings and noodles!
4 It was a really nice amount of delicious food.   The surrounding reminded me of Asia (only missing the small plastic tables and stools :) ), so I liked it a lot. :)  Only giving a 4 rate because the rice noodle wasn't totally cooked, there was a lot of bones in the duck, which my boyfriend didn't like and the soup wasn't salty enough for me, but I could solve that problem. ;) But all in all I would still go back.
5 This review is long overdue- about a year overdue. But, I decided to write one because I still think about the food here all the time. These are hands down the best noodles I have had in my life. Even though the place is small and can be cramped, I wouldn't regret choosing here over some fancier Chinese place. The food here is fresh, piping hot, and super delicious. My mouth is watering just thinking about it!!!!
4 I have been here several times and have tried many things on the menu. the noodles are either hit or miss. The texture of the noodles are generally good, but the broth varied in quality depend on what you ordered.  I have good experience with the house special noodle soup and was very satisfied with the amount of meat for the price. On the other hand, I have tried the seafood noodles and found the broth very bland and unappetizing. Despite some less than ideal experiences I have had, I think the good experiences and the price outweight the negatives, so I will still recommend this place to my friends. If this is your first time, I recommend sticking to items on the menu that are popular and had good reviews.
5 We were scared off by the "B" health department rating but decided to go anyways. We may end up dying from it but we'll die happy I guess because the food was excellent. We had the chicken noodle soup, sesame chicken, wontons and of course some noodles and they were all excellent. We'll be back.
5 Although this place is hard to find and very small -- as my friend put it, it is the best handmade noodle place I have ever been to! The service was nice since my friend spoke Chinese. Staff was very conscientious about my friend's vegetarian needs and it came out fast!
5 Love this place, the tea they serve is delicious, and especially hit the spot being cold and rainy that day. Ordered the 6 dumpling appetizer and that came out in under 3 minutes and were excellent. I also had the duck fried noodles and they were very tasty. This place is very small to sit in so make sure to come at a good time. Also if you are looking for 5 star service you may want to keep looking. They are about their business here; in and out no bull crap. I can respect that. CASH ONLY CASH ONLY CASH ONLY!!!!!!!! Stop reading this and go already, it's worth it.
5 This is in my hubby's standard lunch rotation - favorite being the pan fried roast pork knife cut noodles.  He describes it as feeling unhealthy and everything great haha  Space is a bit cramped, but the staff are really nice and it's definitely worth stopping by if you're in the area and hungry for some noodles.
1 We decided on this place while looking around in Chinatown. The tea they bring to the table when you sit down was delicious, as was the egg drop soup. I ordered the beef and scallops and the plate was filled with mostly water chestnuts and carrots with only about 8 pieces of beef and about 5 scallops.  The scallops were VERY bland with hardly any taste.  My husband ordered the pork lo mein and loved it.  My daughter ordered the General Tso Chicken and said it was great.  When we were almost done eating they brought us a big bowl of won ton soup that we did not order. When I told the waitress we didn't want it, she rudely stated that we HAD ordered it and walked away. It was only when we tried to pay with our credit card that we were told very rudely "cash only". This was not posted anywhere.  My husband had to go to an atm across the street as we were in a new city and trying not to carry too much cash.  I paid the bill with cash and I was then stopped at the door and asked why I did not leave a bigger tip. I explained that I had tipped what I felt was earned and she proceeded to tell me it wasn't enough.  It was VERY unprofessional. I won't be returning and do NOT recommend this place.
5 This small place has the best hand-pulled noodles! I ordered the Beef Pan-fried noodles and the portion was huge!! Love this place. Would definitely recommend and come back!
5 I love dumplings! I especially loved these dumplings. I was visiting NYC with a friend and she picked this place on Yelp. It didn't not disappoint.
4 This place has super authentic Chinese food. The dumplings are really good!! My only disclaimer is that the pan fried noodles are slightly too oily. There's great flavor tho don't get me wrong, but the oil is ruining it for me.
5 Have gone here a few times and love everything I've ever gotten. They make the noodles at a table that can be viewed from the dining room. Very cool. Would totally recommend to anyone who is looking for great homemade Asian noodle soup, especially those that are not worried about the frills of a formal dining experience. They're just there for the food and they do it phenomenally!!
5 Located in an alley in Chinatown, this small gem is worth the find.  Got the beef soup and it was so warm and the meat was more tender than any pho I've had in Dallas.  It was packed with meat, noodles and bok choy.  Eat this, you'll feel better. ***CASH ONLY***
4 The BIG THICC noodles was so bomb and the Fried tofu!!  It was about $7 but the portion was so big oh man could def feed 2 people  Space was pretty small and cramped, a family of 4 came so I had to leave and find a random stool in Chinatown  I went on a Friday evening There were def a lot of tourist  It's fj ppl own this, good service, friendly
5 Very busy. But delicious food. They give you a large amount of food and they are pretty quick to serve despite being super busy
4 Too many food options don't phase me But in choosing this I was too hasty They do give you oodles And oodles of noodles But this hand-pulled stuff isn't *that* tasty  The noodles aren't the only thing hand-pulled around here.   Oh wait we shouldn't be discussing my private life.   So what if I'm lonely.  They're actually pretty tasty, but not worthy of 5 stars.  I enjoyed the noodles even though there were a whole lot of them, enough to feed half of Hong Kong.  This seems to be Cantonese style food with a little bit of Americanization but mainly focusing on the Cantonese. They do it well. I enjoy it and they have a lot of the standard dishes that you would expect and they do them well and serve very very generous portions with affordable prices which is a godsend in Manhattan.  While I would not say these are my favourite Chinese dishes in Chinatown (so many amazing five star gems hidden around the area), they're definitely a good standard and I would return here even if I wasn't at gunpoint by an Albanian mafia henchman.
5 This is one of the best noodle shops in the city. Not only are their noodles made fresh on order but everything on their menu is tasty too.  They have a few different sizes for the noods and their standard offering is the soup or pan fried. I've opted for the pan fried on my visits but my pals have assured me the soups are just as good.  Quick service. Cash only. Tasty.
5 I had my first meal in New York at this restaurant and I'm so glad I did! Food tasted delicious here! I ordered the beef noodle soup with knife peeled noodles. The noodles were bouncy, chewy in texture, and tasted very fresh. The broth was also very flavorful. The restaurant is cash only but the prices are reasonable. Will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
5 Beef  Noodle: Fresh noodle on rich and tradition beautiful broth, not too greasy or heavy seasoned. Great price and good portion
2 Just okay pan fried noodles. However the fried dumplings were excellent. For those who care - only a NYC Health Dept grade of B displayed in the window. Hot Tea was nice. So - out of 2 entrees and the sanitation level - only worth 2 stars. Not sure what all the hype is about. No line in front of restaurant.
4 This place is always packed so I went to try it out with my family. The hand-pulled noodle soup was very filling and the portion was huge. It was good for the cold day. The dumplings were juicy.
5 So fricken delicious. For once didn't leave feeling disgustingly full after eating fried noodles - left feeling full but satisfied. So good.
5 So good.  Visiting from Denver, I don't have much experience with the hand pulled noodle scene but wow, the difference is noticeable!  I'd highly recommend going with the fried noodles vs the soup based, they get soggy and mush in the broth in no time at all.  But the fried hold their texture all the way through next day leftovers.  Can't wait to visit again.
5 Super tasty. Super cheap. Definitely a hole in the wall. Highly recommend! Loved the hand pulled noodles.
5 I've been going here for years and now it's gotten very popular but i didnt have to wait for a table. It's a tiny hole in the wall. You can see the kitchen where a man is constantly pulling the noodles.   I usually get the duck noodle soup which is amazing. First off, the duck is soooooo juicy and sweet (in a good way). The skin is somehow very crispy even after being soaked in the soup for a while. The noodles of course was amazingly delicious and fresh. It was a lot of food but I couldn't not resist slurping up every last drop. My friend got the vegetarian dumpling soup and really enjoyed hers as well. We also got the cucumbers app to share. It was soaked in a soy sauce, chili, sesame oil concoction that was soaked up by the cold cucumber chunks.   It's a super casual restaurant with super nice people.
5 Wow. This tiny Chinatown restaurant is SO delicious.   I ordered the roasted duck noodles with the fat hand pulled noodles (you have a choice between 5 types of noodles) and it was so so good.  My friend ordered the roasted pork noodles, with the small wide noodles.  The noodle dishes are very large - finish-able if you are hungry but for me served as two meals (one there and one later, from the leftovers I brought home) We also ordered the steamed shrimp dumplings to share, which were standard but good.   We were also allowed to bring our own beer (I called ahead to make sure) and the server was happy to open them for us.   You can tell that the noodles at this place truly are Hand-Pulled by the fresh taste and variation in size.   We will definitely be back. I always like to say that I will come back and order something different but I know that realistically, I will come back and order the same thing.
5 Oh My GOD!!! I still can't believe that we were so lucky to find such a good place in Manhattan! The first, what took our attention was sign "Hand-pulled noodles", than, a huge amount of people inside. We were met by very cute hostess, who provide for us a table for two downstairs. It isn't fancy place, do not expect great interior inside. BUT! The food is great! The portions are HUGE, the personnel is so great, respectful and kind, that deserves good tips! Really!  I recommend this great place with noodles!
5 Fantastic hand pulled noodles, no pretension, delicious dumplings also. It has a crap hole look but the food is amazing, you get hard street cured for taking a date here. Not sure about their alcohol policy...
4 I absolutely love this place. I've been coming here for a decade now and they closed down temporarily and I was devastated. I'm so glad that they're back now and that they have more seating downstairs. It's never going to be the best place to sit down in, but the food is hot and delicious. I love their fat wide noodles and usually get them pan friend with chicken or pork and then dumplings, ahhh, gotta love that dumpling sauce.
5 DELICIOUS! this place is really a hidden gem. don't let the outside scare you, the food is absolutely delicious, and fresh! they make all of their noodles in house and they're famous for their own fried noodles and their soups too! I had the brócoli chicken which was so so so good. I had the absolute best pam fried vegetable noodles here. Good sized portions too!!
5 Would say I'm shocked that this place has so many reviews, but I'm really not. This is one of the best hand pulled noodles place I've ever had. Prices arent to bad either. Usually I'm never on this side of the city, but I was visiting my brother and he's obsessed with the place and I can see why. The flavors are unique and stand out from the other places that sell similar food. These noodles taste so much better than many other places. The soups are really good too. When we got here it didnt take long until we were sat down, and the drinks were quickly brought out to us so we didnt have to wait long at all. If you want some amazing asian noodles, this would be one of the places I would recommend. Never had a bad expeirence and I've been here twice
5 Can't tell if it's because I was extremely hungry, but their roast duck pan fried hand pulled noodles are probably some of the best noodles I've tasted. I liked how it wasn't too salty and was a bit sweet. The duck was also pretty soft/easy to eat and flavorful. I would definitely order this dish again next time I come back. I also got the fried pork dumplings and a beef soup, which were both pretty tasty but nothing exceptional.   We came around 1:30pm on a Saturday and were able to get seated pretty quickly, but we got the last table. The table and store is pretty small, but it's Chinatown. They have a basement seating area, but I didn't get seated down there.   This place is cash only. Compared to a lot of other Chinatown noodle places, this place is on the pricier side (although still extremely cheap compared to the rest of NYC lol). I would definitely return for their roast duck noodles though.
4 Great noodles and great pan-fried dumplings! The hand pulled noodles had a great chewy texture and the pork & veggie dumplings were very flavorful!
5 For the price you can't beat it. I also highly recommend hand pulled or peeled noodles. They taste SO much better. If you ever come across a place that has this do yourself a favor! I ordered the vegetarian soup with fat hand peeled. The bowl is so big that I definitely can save the rest of this for dinner. I also got it so fast. If you need it delivered it looks like the offer this. Only downside of my experience is it is cash only which I always find super inconvenient. Luckily I had $7 on me.  Amazing and will be back.
5 Cramped seating, but solid food. Great place to run to for a quick bite. I had the roast duck pan fried noodles.
5 Ahh!!! This is the BEST noodle place in Chinatown, Manhattan!! Sooooo good. Tasty offers several different noodle textures, including 刀削面, and a variety of soups and flavors. I come here atleast twice a week.   Noodles: 9/10 Service: 10/10 Hygiene: 7/10 Prices: 10/10 (relatively cheap for portion size and quality!)
2 A small hole in the wall but it was packed and busy. They had pics of the owner with guy fieri all over the place so I guess that's their claim to fame.  Really only came cause I was still hungry and wanted something quick and cheap.  I just got shrimp fried rice, which was not cheap and took awhile to make, mainly due cause this place was packed and busy but still this dish shouldn't take more than a few minutes to make.  Took it home and it tasted weird to me, almost to sweet to eat which was weird so it became leftover. BUT magically overnight it musta heard my comments and decided to become magically delicious after reheating it as a leftover.
5 This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city. Fresh, delicious, no-nonsense. The restaurant may be crowded, chaotic, and messy, but these noodles are superb.
4 Food was really good but the restaurant is not so clean. The lower level of the restaurant  has a weird bathroom odor and the water in the pitcher was yellowish.
3 I came here on a weekday for lunch and although it was crowded, I was able to get a table without waiting. The interior is small and it has a B rating for health. Some might say this is the perfect formula for tasty food.  I failed to see the hype. I got the fried pork potstickers and beef noodle soup.  Yes, the noodles themselves are tasty, but the broth just lacked flavor for me. So bland! The potstickers were oily and not crunchy enough and to top it all off, I did not realize it was cash only and did not have cash on me. They were super nice about it and let me leave to go to the Chase ATM right around the corner.  PRO TIP: BRING CASH!!!
5 I loved fat hand pulled noodles with beef! So tasty! Service was friendly, a bit shy though. The Place is small and very casual.
2 Don't believe the hype, this place is mediocre at best. While the noodles certainly are fresh and hand-pulled, the accompanying meat and vegetables are greasy and lackluster. My dish, pan-friend noodles with pork, lacked any over-arching flavor or sauce, leaving the wonderfully chewy noodles bland and disappointing. The fried pork dumplings were actually the highlight of the meal, and would be the only reason that I could see myself returning. The portions and prices are on-point and service the service is fine, I just don't quite understand why folks are clamoring for the noodles at this spot when there are dozens of other fabulous, flavorful noodle joints nearby.
5 DELICIOUS!!!!!! Very good noodles for a very good price. Would 100% come back. It's small, but that's what makes it such a good hole-in-the-wall location.
4 We did a pulled noodle kind of day and started here. The pulled noodles were good, I wouldn't say they are the best I've had but they were good!
5 Best.food.EVER!!  I seriously have dreams about the Roast pork noodles!  Hand pulled noodles are amazing. If you're debating, go!  This place is amazing and I can't wait to visit again!
4 Food and staff are a 5 star rating.  The building is old and dirty.  It's pretty sketchy walking in but the food is great and very cheap.  Second time there and will go again.
5 Casual dining but food is delicious. Ordered the oxtail with knife cut noodles and it was yummy. Noodles were fresh and doughy. Also ordered pan friend pork dumplings and steamed veggie dumplings. Will be back for more later today.  Btw cash only.
4 Great tasting and fairly inexpensive. The seaweed salad was absolutely delicious as were the steamed pork vegetable dumplings. The noodles were also great but the duck was mostly bone. Try to get just regular vegetable noodles as the duck is a slight disappointment.
4 Really cheap and consistently delicious noodles. Quick and easy service in a tiny space that feels a little dirty. But otherwise great value for authentic food in a lunch counter setting.
5 Perfect unassuming spot for some low key and delicious noodles....on a block with some city visual character. You can hear them stretch and pulling to dough freshly with your order. Delights quick stop.
4 Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is one of the go to spots for tasty hand-pulled noodle soups in Chinatown! Nestled on the windy Doyers street, you can find this spot with its blue hood and grungy interior.  You pretty much can't go wrong with any of the noodle soups they offer. The noodles - as expected - are hand pulled and fresh... leading to a satisfying soft, chewy texture when eaten. I'm a huge beef noodle soup fan so have a very high bar... That being said, solid 4/5.  In terms of appetizers, strongly suggest the firm bean curd with seaweed, and mashed cucumber.  Remember! This is a cash only spot so bring that .
5 Food is soooo good just like what i remembered in my childhood memory.  We had knife cut sliced noodle pan fried with pork and vege, and hand pulled noodle in beef stock.  The pan fried noodle was very tasty and filling, highly recommended!  Noodle in beef stock was good, but not as tasty compared the pan friend noodle.   Ok to be fair, the place is tinny and seating wasn't that comfortable, for me this is a fast food place where you come-eat-leave, it's not a place for party or hangout, i can give 4 stars but the noodle taste so good so i don't mind give them one more for value-for-money good taste food.
4 Delicious noodles in the heart of Chinatown on the infamous Doyers Street - once the most deadliest street in NYC (shocking I know, especially since the winding street is so charming in the 21st century). The restaurant is rundown and received a B rating (I know - not the cleanest) but the restaurant is making some of the most delicious hand-pulled noodles in NYC. For under $10 you can order a huge bowl of noodle soup or fried noodles. We decided to try both - the fried noodles with vegetables and the noodle soup with dumplings. The fried noodles were delicious - simple but flavorful and the noodles were perfectly pulled and tasted so fresh. My fiancee had the noodle soup with dumplings. He gave the dumplings a 5/5 but he said the soup lacked flavor and suggested it could use a bit of salt. The portions were large and I ended up bringing half home. Highly recommend visiting Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles if you want a hole-in-the-wall Chinatown experience.
2 I feel like you can find better and cheaper in Chinatown. There was little difference our boiled and fried dumplings. The hand pulled noodles (stir fried) were good in the generic way anything stir fried is good, except the noodles were a notch above the typical place. It's a silly hole in the wall experience, falls short in the pack of places in Chinatowns.
4 Wow, I was blown away by the deliciousness of these simple noodles. I want to ask the kitchen what they put in it to make it so good!  I ordered the shrimp and roast pork hand pulled noodle. There wasn't one thing I didn't like about it.  We came at lunch time around 12 pm and sat upstairs. I didn't even realize there was a downstairs. The upstairs portion is a little cramped but with good food - who cares.  I do wish the pricing was a little lower. I feel like $9 for noodles is a little much, especially for chinatown.
5 Excellent and authentic. Fast service with hot food hit the spot on a cold NYC day after a long walk.   We were not disappointed with hand pulled noodles, even saw the noodle puller in the kitchen working.   Highly recommended.
5 Today is 10th day, the last day, of my NYC trip.  After biking on Manhattan Bridge and coming back on Brooklyn Bridge, I came to this noodle place in nearby Chinatown.   I am glad that I did.  They insisted that I wait for today's newly prepared noodle soup, and I am glad that I waited.  Thumbs up.
5 Fantastic noodle soups. Pretty good pan fried noodles. Excellent prices and overall value.
2 In short: The food is good but the service and setting are not great.  I don't care that guy fieri went here, staff can't even speak English, the restaurant is cramped , and they only take cash. When I arrived the lady didn't even clean the table, just removed the previous diners plate. They didn't even bother to give me a fresh carafe of water and told me to use the one that the diners before me used.
2 Soup is great, so as the noodle. I love their food until I found a hair in my noodle today. and suddenly, I lost my appetite and dump rest of the noodle.
5 Extremely tasty food! Great hole in the wall place that's within your budget! My friend and I went in pooling $25 in cash (since they are cash only) and we were able to get two large noodle dishes and dumplings for under $20! Perfect for a broke college student budget!
3 To call this place a hole in a wall would be an insulted to every hole/cave in every village in china. Pictures a 1980s village mud hut noodle shop in rural china and you will find urself transported there by stepping into this place.  It's charming in the same sense if you would find a village squat toilet w no tp charming..   the noodle on the other hand is good!!!!  Def handmade/crafted albeit by grumpy humorless staff/owner.  Look beyond the dirty setting and smileless face and just bury ur face in ur plate.. slurp up the chewy handmade noodle convict style and make no eye contact and enjoy the memory of it as soon as u step out into the sunlight.
4 This gem is tucked back off the beaten path on doyers. What it's known for: hand pulled noodles, and they are tasty. Stay away from the Americanized standards. No chicken with broccoli here. When in Rome, sample the dish this place was named after. Be it in soup, with beef or with tofu, these noodles are amazing.   The cramped upstairs leave much to be desired, but if you are adventurous, head down the stairs to the even smaller and more cramped basement. While everything might be a bit sticky, I think it only adds to the appeal of this place.   Must try dish- cucumbers. They are amazing. Any one of the pan fried noodle dishes. They are not crispy noodles like in many of the Chinese takeout spots. Just got there already!
5 This place is small and crammed. But with the best tasting noodles I can remember from recent memory at a cheap price. It was all worth it.
5 Very good hole in the wall Hand-Pulled noodle spot. You're starting to see a lot of tourist come here. The noodles are really good, big portions, solid price. You have options for several sizes of noodle width and proteins. The pork and veggie dumplings are incredible!
3 For starters, this place is claustrophobically small and crowded. I have a pretty high tolerance for hole in the wall restaurants, but we couldn't fit two bowls of noodles on our table and you can't get up or down without pushing other people around. The waitress handled us our bowls and checks over another table.   The noodles aren't bad - the main thing this place has going for it is options, whether it be in noodle variety or just different types of meats. We got two house specials (mixed meats with a fried egg), one with regular noodles and one with hand cut. The noodles are nice and chewy. Broth was eh, nothing crazy. Meat was a little lacking. The oxtail had basically no meat on it, the beef was pretty small and bland, but the beef tripe was probably as good as any I've ever had (weirdly... beefy tasting? like the taste of beef with the consistency of stripe).   Overall, I don't think this place is as good as Lan Zhou or Super Taste and it's a couple dollars more. I can't see myself coming back here.
2 Did this place change ownership? The noodles aren't as firm as I remember them to be. I ordered a beef noodle soup that only with two pieces of beef. The broth was extremely bland as well.
5 I love this place so much I want to marry it .You can even get dumplings  you guys should go your Tummy will thank you it is at Chinatown you will want to marry it
3 Hmm. All the really great reviews about Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles are a little baffling to me, as both times I went with my boyfriend, we were incredibly underwhelmed. Besides being an uncomfortable place to dine in (tables so close to each other that you inevitably end up bumping into other patrons as you're getting out of your seat, greasy tables, etc), the noodle soups are entirely mediocre. At this point before my food came out, I was still hopeful about the noodle soup quality: from past experiences with Chinese restaurants, I know that some of the best meals I've had come from restaurants with the shoddiest set-ups. But the food was equally, if not more sad.  My boyfriend ordered the beef noodle soup, and I ordered the Fujian-ese Wonton Meat Ball Noodle Soup (I ordered the Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup my second time). The knife-cut noodles, which were definitely hand-made, were too doughy, uneven and clumpy - not al dente at all. Some noodles were undercooked and others were overcooked. I would rather have machine made un-clumpy al dente noodles any day of the week versus handmade noodles that don't taste great and are inconsistent in length and thickness. In addition, the meats inside our noodle soup did not taste fresh or savory. They were quite bland, chewy, and flavorless. The meat inside my wonton balls were not seasoned well. Finally, I want to discuss the broth, which should have been the star of the show. In Chinese, there is a word that to describe the flavor of soups and broths, 鲜 (pronounced Xian), which roughly translates to "fresh," but it's used to describe flavor profiles so much more profound than that. It's the taste you get when a broth is simultaneously rich and savory, that lingers in your mouth after you've swallowed the soup. This broth was definitely trying to emulate that 鲜 flavor, but just turned out plain salty with a hint of chicken broth flavor. I tried to enhance it with some chili pepper / oil but it didn't do much to elevate the dish.  I came here a final time to give Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles another shot, but left disappointed like the first time.   I would only recommend coming to Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles if you are  in the immediate area, seriously craving Chinese noodles, and cannot be bothered to walk the two extra blocks (literally) to 88 Lan Zhou Handmade Noodles.
5 I think I could eat their noodle soup every day and not get bored of it. Get the knife-cut noodles! You won't regret it.
4 Delicious! The noodles were fresh, the broth was good. The meat was a little fatty, but that's my own issue. Had the hand pulled noodle beef stew and peel pan fried dumplings. The dumplings were really good.
1 I ordered a delivery by phone call, that's the worst call I've ever made. I don't owe you money, Ok? The person who answered the phone is like I don't even care my customers, if I'm not happy I'm gonna pass that to you. We ordered from them for several times before and we usually give them twenty percent tips, but this time, zero because of your attitude. Won't eat there again. You ruined my day.
5 First experience here, omg food is so good! It is definitely a tiny place here where you have to share a table with strangers sometimes, however, it's definitely worth a try! I had seafood noodle soup with pull noodle, it's only $9.75. Good came out very fast, good quality! Since I'm dining alone, I got a little table by myself at the corner, which is good (not a big fan of sharing table). When you bite the noodle, you can definitely tell it's make from scratch and the texture of the noodle is very chewy and good. Definitely recommend this place!!!
5 This is a tiny place but you will be seated.   Apparently there's a basement seating area too coz there was a group of 5 came in and were told to go to the basement. Pretty cool.   Our order came out quick. Delicious and huge portion. I struggled to finish mine.   They have Tsing Tao beer here.
2 !!!Warning!!! The price tag on the noodles are just outrageous. You can easily find other places for a cheaper price. The noodle is not even up to par. Yes I understand its handmade, but giving them 5 stars for this type of noodle is just out of my mind. I order the soup noodle with golden fish balls. And it came out looking like someone just threw it together very quickly and boil it. The service the lady gave me and my friend while we sat outside was kind, but still not worth more than a 2 star overall.
5 Visiting from AZ.. thanks to all the reviews, we ate some of the best dumplings and pan fried noodles in Chinatown!  Get here before 630 pm, it gets crowded but worth the wait.
3 Not great hand pulled noodles I've had but fair enough. I got the most basic vegetable with an egg noodle soup and it was okay. The veggies were very few. Egg was okay. Noodles were a lot. Broth I ordered veggie broth so light as I expected.
5 The best handpulled noodles I've ever had- the basic pan fried, vegetable noodles (size: fat handpulled) is a standard chow mein. It's cash only but is only $8 and I would eat here every week if I could. The scallion tofu is soft and very flavorful, another great dish
4 Very good authentic food! The restaurant​ is small and crowded, we went on a​ Saturday​ night at 7 pm​, but the food was excellent and was quick. Great place to get a Chinatown​ experience as well as not spending too much. My friend and I both got large portions of food for $9 and took leftovers. My friend is Japanese​ but lived in China for high school and she said it was very close to the real deal!  We would definitely recommend​ it for those who are wanting authentic Chinese​ food at​ a low price.
5 The vegetarian and tofu pan-fried​ noodles, tofu with shallots, veggie dumplings, and fried​ rice are my favorite​  dishes. The food is always fresh and hearty and comes in massive servings! Super affordable as well!
1 Warning!!! Do not ever try this!!  I cannot believe it has so many good reviews! Noodles taste very bad and weird! We ordered House special noodles #1 and #2, Hunan Beef. They looked totally different from photos on the menu, and the beef is not real beef and got bad! We had to throw out beef because the smell and taste! We asked the waitress and let her try the "beef", and she didn't try and just canceled it and removed the beef from our table very fast, but she said we wanted to Eat without paying!! WTF! We only tried two pieces of beef and it's only 15$. Do we need to do that?! If it was like that, why they removed our dish so fast? No wonder no Chinese people is here for food!
4 The large pan friend noodles with shrimp were delicious and the steamed dumplings were huge. I'd highly recommend both, especially since you can get ten dumplings for six bucks.
3 Noodles are one of the best in Chinatown. They give even more noodles in the more expensive choices on the menu. Problem is there is no meat. One big bowl of 10$ noodle, no meat, no veggies, and I am hungry after a hour. More expensive than other options in Chinatown but if you have the money it is a good place to go once to try it.
5 In the words of Guy Fieri, that was MONEY!!! Pan Fried House Noodles, sesame chicken and dumplings.  Like nothing I've ever tasted!  It's super small and hidden, but we'll worth it!
5 I absolutely loved eating here! I stood in the corner and watched them make the noodles by hand, it was awesome! This place is cramped, gritty, and not fancy at all. However, if you want some amazing hand pulled noodles, you need to check this place out. Whenever I have friends visit from The South, I take them here.
4 What a dingy spot! Noodles and dumplings we're delightfully delicious and affordable. Worth it.
5 I've eaten here 3 times in the past week and here I am writing this review and still craving more of their noodles! The restaurant itself is quite small, a hole in the wall type place but the service is lightning quick and best of all the food is delicious!   First, to start, you have to get their pork steamed dumplings! Probably safe to say the best steamed dumplings I've had! The filling is so flavorful and has veggies mixed in with the pork, and the skin of the dumplings is thin and tasty as well. An order of 10 is only $6.50, how can you pass up a deal like that.   For the noodles, you basically pick if you want them pan fried with veggies and meat or in a broth soup and then you choose from their 7 types of noodle shapes. I tried the beef soup with regular noodles, the chicken pan fried noodles with small wide noodles, the chicken and shrimp pan fried noodles with large wide noodles, and the duck pan fried noodles with thin rice noodles. I definitely preferred the pan fried over the soup but everything is delicious. The noodles are so good from the wide to the thin rice noodles, you can tell they were just made. The dishes all have so much flavor and for the process you get a very large serving!  Overall a great new find that I cant wait to tell everyone about and I will definitely be back soon!!
5 Great value hand pulled noodles shown thru the cashiers door. Tender beef and vegetables in a medium rich broth. Cash only, atm around the corner or across the street.
5 This is the best , I am chinese and I am from north China , this is the traditional hand made noodles , this is the noodles I ate everyday when I grow up . Yes , north Chinese eat noodles almost everyday , my family only eat rice maybe twice a month . I am from Shanxi and my province is famous for noodles . My mom can make great noodles too , and all the noodles I ate were handmade from my mom . I am living in VA and sometimes back to New York for food , there is no such food in the are I live right now . You can choose the noodle size , I highly recommend the stir fried knife peeled noodles , that is just everything you want . You can taste the difference between the handmade noodles from store factory made ones . Worth your try , good portion , good price , very small restaurant, but the best !!!
5 I lived in China for 9 years and these are still the best dumplings and noodles I've ever had. The place gets full, but service is lightning fast. Prices are insanely low.   The place is small and easy to miss - but don't.
1 I thought that I'm gonna like the food, based on the rating. But I'm sorry the food is no good. I don't have a plan to eat here again. I don't recommend the place.
5 The best hole-in-the-wall you'll ever step into. The food is incredible and staff is friendly. Yes, it's busy and small, but it IS worth it!
5 Went to this place on the yelp reviews and they were not wrong! Some of the tastiest hand pulled noodles I've ever had! I would definitely recommend and definitely come back! The fresh cilantro on the table for garnish was an excellent addition to my beef pan fried noodles.
4 My daughter and I tracked down this place - wait, actually we were looking for another place that we saw on a Netflix cuisine documentary.  We found that place had closed but this place, also featured in a video program, was right around the corner!  Its a tiny place that lacks in any form of character, and you cannot really see the noodles being pulled, but the nice server makes you feel more welcome than most native New Yorkers.  Oh you want to know about the food?  Well, I left nothing on my plate.  It was yummy, fresh and cheap.  So apart from being packed into a small shop with no AC, its a winner.
4 Do not judge this place by the exterior!! There is nothing fancy about this place whatsoever. It is just delicious food, plain and simple. This restaurant is exactly why Yelp is so awesome. Because without the reviews, I would have walked right by.  We stopped in here to share a quick bite for lunch to keep fueled up for walking around NY and I am so happy we did.  The pan fried noodles with shrimp were outstanding! The texture of the noodles was so perfect. You could definitely tell they were handmade with the texture and the chew.  We also asked if we could poke our heads into the kitchen to see the magic in action and the staff was so friendly. We snuck back for a few seconds to see the noodle making...Pretty damn cool for sure!  So happy we stopped in here for a delicious meal!
4 I got the shredded pork noodles and I'd have to say it was pretty decent. For a hole-in-the-wall style shop with not the most amount of seating, I'm glad I came here. The dish was not that expensive ($9-10) and the noodles were definitely hand pulled. I could taste the chewiness in the noodle, which I did like.  My only gripe is that the dish was very oily, and I had this kind of oily taste after eating it. I guess that's what I should've expected. I did like that there were a lot of sauces on each table available to add to your dish, and I did like this one sauce that was in the grey container (maybe teriyaki sauce).
5 My first time visiting Chinatown NYC was a great one. Ordered the "Duck HP Soup" and the "Vegetable Fried Rice". The soup broth was defiantly the star; jam-packed with flavor with the handmade noodles complimenting greatly. Also my first time trying duck. The rice dish was pleasantly large in size for a small price. Not for the claustrophobic. If you're looking for authenticity then you should check out this place (they also have a 2nd location)!   *I saw this restaurant on Yelp and the Title just got my eyes glued. Genius name!
4 We came here on an early Friday evening to grab a quick dinner and at first I was a bit surprised to see a dearth of Chinese people inside the shop - it was almost exclusively white people who had probably come here based of Yelp's recommendation. That's complete fine, but when I look for authentic hole in the walls, the best food is usually frequented by the locals; these people were not it. You may run into this same problem but remember that most Chinese in the area are still at work and haven't had time to swing by yet.  With that fear out in the open, let me say with complete honestly that this place will hit the spot. As concerned as I was, Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles was not lying in its name - this place was legit. I got the pan-fried noodles that definitely hit my noodle craving without being too greasy, a good blend of the salty but still hint of sweet. At $10, I was surprised how much shrimp they gave with the shrimp/beef noodle. My partner had the beef omasa noodle soup - it was standard fare, but didn't really impress me.  Overall, definitely a good cheap dinner if you're looking for good Chinese food, and very little fuss.
3 To me this place was nothing special - maybe i ordered the wrong thing (veggie pan fried noodles) but it looked and tasted like a common chinese.  I might go back to try something else.
5 Still AMAZING! Kept it simple with chicken and shrimp stir fried hand pulled noodles and I'll tell you it's STILL worth the trip from the Bronx!
5 You hear that loud thud and smacking in the kitchen when you walk in? That's authentic handpulled noodles at work my friend. Sit down, shut up and stuff your face with this delicious cuisine.  Handpulled noodle soup with any protein or veg is amazing. Plenty of toppings/fixins for you to spice your soup up to your liking..but the broth is perfect as is. Do you, boo. Red chili sauce and cilantro are welcome additions.  Pan fried noodles are equally exquisite. The house special was a favorite of my squad.  Steamed Shrimp veggie dumplings we're good..but I'mma get the pan fried next time.  Don't get your panties in a bunch b/c "this isn't the cleanest place". These are the type of restaurants that the greatest dishes in the world are made in.
4 Holy sh*t sticks, this place is amazing!! I always seek out hand pulled noods and this place does not disappoint.  Great prices and everything I've tried has been wonderful.
5 I just happened to be really hungry and craving Chinese food when I saw their sign and it was so straightforward and obvious and sounded exactly like what I wanted. And I wasn't disappointed!   I had the beef noodles and requested some chili oil on the side, which made it perrrrfect. The texture of their thickest hand-pulled noodles is my favorite: kinda chewy and thick. The staff was super friendly and cute; the girl brought out my friend's bowl and then came out 2 seconds later and asked if he had started yet, because she accidentally served him her own meal.   $15 card minimum, which I didn't even realize until I had paid for my $12 meal!! They're so nice hahah
3 Had better dumplings. Pan fried shrimp was meh. They were more soft than crispy. Also, would not recommend getting house special #1...just get the beef noodle soup
1 Was sat in back corner and cockroach just came out of crack wall and on my shoulder,  ran out before I ordered.  My husband said the waiter came over with a name and grabbed it.  I was to busy running out of the place to look back.
5 The pan fried beef fat beef noodles are delicious.  Next time I'll add more vegetables.  Very yumm!!
5 Outstanding noodles and so reasonable for NYC. Will be going there in just a few weeks and ever time I'm in New York
5 Oh my God!! I love hand-pulled noodles and a few places I've been to have amazing flavor but these have the PERFECT texture. They were delicious, fresh, and so beautifully chewy. Small joint with little space, so show up ready to meet some new friends and enjoy an amazing meal!!!
4 Came here with a group and was recommended by our cousin. This place is CASH ONLY. Seats are limited and based on the reviews of this place, I wasn't surprised it was still pretty busy when we arrived late at night. I had the Pan Fried Beef & Shrimp with the HP Wide noodle and it was satisfying. My group tried the House Special Noodle Soup, Pan Fried Veggie Noodle, Seaweed salad and the veggie dumplings. We couldn't complain with any of them. They all tasted great and glad we stopped by!
4 Duck with pan fried noodles and the dumplings were delicious!  Ladies serving were very nice and helpful as well. Green tea was good also.
5 Really delicious noodle soup and dumplings.
4 The noodles are really good here, and that's probably because they're all oily(but they're really good). The restaurant itself is very small, kind of bleak, but the atmosphere doesn't diminish the experience.
4 The portions are great and the pricing is ok, I got fried noodles with tofu and a noodle soup for 20 dlls
5 Great little place and when I say little I mean little. Don't let that fool you though, it has great noodles. Would highly recommend! Would definitely go back!
3 tldr; alright noodles in Manhattan's Chinatown  After seeing the name of this shop on Yelp, I knew that it would be a hole-in-the-wall restaurant with tasty food. And I was right!  We ordered the House Special #1 and House Special #2, along with steamed dumplings. Our bill came out to be around $21 for 3 people, which is a great deal! The noodle texture was pretty good, and I loved all the fillings that they put in the soup, from oxtail to tripe to chicken.  The one thing that fell short for me was the broth. The broth was only lukewarm instead of piping hot, and wasn't as rich or flavorful as other beef broths that I've had in Chinatown.  While I enjoyed my meal here, I probably would prefer other noodle joints in Chinatown, such as Lam Zhou's Hand Pulled Noodles!
1 Small dive like place and the staff look at you funny if you ask for a fork.  Sorry never learned to use chopsticks.   Sesame chicken was horrible.  Dark stringy chicken meat.  Dumplings weren't any better.  Chicken fried rice was much better.  Cash only
4 THPN sells Chinese/HK fried noodles / noodle soups. Portions are generous, taste is decent, and prices are cheap; overall a good deal. You can hear the cooks pounding the dough and see them hand cutting the noodles from large blocks of dough if you peer into the kitchen. This place is cash only and service is quick. The venue is a rather claustrophobic, poorly insulated, and very casual - a reminiscence to my times at low key HK noodle soup joints, especially in the hot NYC summer.  Ordered: House special #1 - long, chewy noodles in a light beef broth. Comes with beef tendon, tripe, choy, and a fried egg. Would recommend adding chili oil. A simple peasant's dish.
1 This place is not even owned by lan zhou people but they have a lan zhou chinese name on the sign...very not lanzhou at all! If you been to china and have teased real Lanzhou noodles ..then u will know why I only give one star! They cook Fuzhou style food ! Not lanzhou! Dont that good either!
4 Cash only. The first level location is fairly small, but they also have an underground seating area.   No. 1 house special - Beef tendon, bok choy, fried egg. Has everything in it. Noodles are looooong. Broth is fairly clear and light. The food came out extremely fast and hot. Honestly a pretty simple dish, yet I really liked it.   If you look into the kitchen, the way they make the knife cut noodles is fascinating. They literally cut it off a huge piece of dough in the shape of a watermelon. The hand made noodles are also interesting cause they stretch it out like a taffy and slap it on the table.   Service is quick and efficient.
5 How do I even start off. I just want to say I was in nyc for a week for the first time ever and this was my FAVORITE place, the food was PHENOMENAL I had to come back twice and I miss it more than anything on the trip. I got a delicious creamy veggie noodle soup with eggs, the best part of the noodles they are HANDMADE, you walk in and the first thing you see is that they're making noodles RIGHT THERE, the pricing is SO CHEAP especially for NYC, like just wow would highly recommend(this was in Guy Fieris' food show)
5 fluorescent lights, ceiling fan, being seated with strangers - I wouldn't have it any other way. I ordered a bowl of noodles with cha shao (BBQ/roast pork) which came with the customary greens: a generous serving of all, and the noodles are very fresh indeed. cilantro, chili oil, white pepper, soy sauce, etc. are at the table for your convenience, as is a plastic pitcher of water with styrofoam cups (be still my heart!). I felt very at home here, through both the food and the setting. and for the price, it was nothing short of miraculous.
5 This is my favorite place to eat lunch. Its affordable and tastes amazing. Don't come here if you want good service or are looking for something fancy. You come here for the food only which is the best! Me and my boyfriend only pay around $35 together for appetizers, main and drinks!
4 A+ The pork and veg dumplings are huge and some of the best in town. The broth in the beef noodle soup is amazing never gets left behind
4 One of my favorite places in Chinatown. Came here with a couple of friends since we were craving food from the motherland. Let me tell you, it did not disapppoint!   Came in around 7:30pm on a weekday and the seats were all filled. It's a very small place so there aren't that many tables.   Food - we ordered dumplings, panfried noodles, and soup duck noodles. Won't be ordering the dumplings but the noodles...heck yes. They were so good, I ordered panfried noodles to go on my way out.  Service - food came out super quick.   Interior - super casual. Like SUPER.   If you're coming to satisfy your Chinese food craving look no further. These noodles are amazing.
3 Ordered the pan-fried vegetable noodles and they  were greasy and the "vegetables" were tiny shreds of cabbage with a few broccoli pieces. The location uptown is much better even though their prices are higher.
2 We got dumplings and the fat hand-pulled noodles, and I have to say I do not understand the high rating for this restaurant. The dumplings were mediocre, and the noodles were pretty greasy. Sub-par meal overall.
5 Do you like noodle? Do you want to try thin pulled, thick pulled, or knife cut (mostly knife cut)? Then stop what you're doing and order/go here. This is worth it and more importantly so are you.
5 Noodle soup with dumplings was great. It was cheap and the portions were huge. Good service. Our food came out pretty fast even though the place was packed.
4 The chicken noodle soup is nice to say the least.  The veggies are compliment the chicken.  The chicken is cut in sizeable chunks.  The noodles truly have that hand pulled texture.  The prices are where they should be.  The atmosphere is your typical Chinese restaurant in Chinatown.  The service is more than adequate.
5 The knife-cut noodles are the best!  We also loved the pan-fried shrimp dumplings!  This small establishment has all made to order meals that are fresh and inexpensive.  We will definitely return!
5 Was running low on time after a crossing of the Brooklyn Bridge.... so we ran in and ordered some carry out. Ordered the noodles with chicken and couldn't wait to get to the hotel to tear into it. Unfortunately, it took about 45min to get back to midtown thanks to rush hour traffic on the FDR.  Let me say the wait was worth it.... some of the best if not the best noodles I've eaten.   Can't wait to come back bc I'll make sure to take 4 orders back with me.
4 We came to Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles in Chinatown only to discover that there is another closer location in Midtown (yelp.com/biz/tasty-hand-…) - oops!  It is a small shop on a street more populated by pedestrians and bicycles than by cars.  Perhaps 8 tables fill the room.  We ordered two bowls of hand pulled noodles and a small order of fried pork vegetable dumplings (6 pc $4.50).  The big wide HP Noodles were chewier.  The small wide HP Noodles were more easily slurped up.  The duck ($8.50 Roast Duck Noodle Soup) was well flavored but quite boney and fatty with very little meat.  The ox tail ($9 Ox Tail Noodle Soup) was thin chopped and boney.  The dumplings were thin skinned and well filled with moist tender juicy filling.  They were the best part of our lunch.  I would recommend sharing a larger order of the dumplings ($7 for 10 pc) in the future, with a noodle soup with a different protein (or perhaps something pan-fried), and maybe trying their Sauteed Napa Cabbage $8 between 2 people.  Oh yeah, cash only.
5 Got the house noodle soup, roast duck pan fried noodles, and steamed dumplings. The noodles in both dishes were definitely the highlight, and while I enjoyed both of them I would definitely recommend the pan fried noodles over the soup. Service was extremely quick and staff was very accommodating.   I don't even like dumplings much either but here, I would order them again. They were sizeable with a lot of filling.
4 Tldr: CASH ONLY!!! Featured By Guy Fieri! Food is delicious! Ambience isn't the best but the food overshadows it.  We came in and quickly asked if it was cash only like most places in China town (they are) luckily there's a chase and Citibank nearby. They quickly cleared a table when we got back and we were immediately seated  The ambience isn't the nicest, and I probably wouldn't go here on a first date (Kinda like sitting in an old cafeteria).  They looked like they tried to clean a good level of sanitation though (plastic cups, covered water pitchers, etc).  Me and a friend ordered the pan fried noodles with beef (and I added shrimp to mine). Another friend tried the hand pulled noodle soup with duck. Each nonvegetarian dish costed between 9-10 dollars and they all come with vegetables in the noodles.   We watched the guy pull the noodles by hand in the back which was really cool to see and hear. The food came about 5-8 minutes later. The noodles without any toppings added were tasty, seasoned, well balanced, thick and delicious. The beef and shrimp were good too but nothing stellar--the highlight is the noodles.  My friend did not like the duck at all and found it to have a lot of bones (this plus ambience = -1 star).  They had an array of sauces on the tables in squeeze bottles. And fresh herb (parsley?). We added it to taste.  Overall I'd stop by if your craving noodles--probably one of the best I've tried. Order it with beef chicken or shrimp. Probably best to avoid the boney duck.
5 Excellent food at cheap prices.. A little off the beaten path in Chinatown but very much worth the trip! Very friendly staff too...
5 Been dreaming about this place since I had it. Best food I've had in a while. Get knife cut noodles and the cucumber salad is to die for. Very authentic. Ambiance fits with the vibe but it's very no frills
5 I just can't have enough of tasty hand pulled knife peeled noodles!  It's a hole in the wall, it's a bit dingy, everything is slightly sticky but the food is amazing. You can see the noodles being pulled and cut through an opening from the dining area to kitchen. Each table comes with a container of cilantro and green onion, that stuff can be piled on your piping bowl of soup to add extra flavor.  I tried different noodle bowls, roasted duck, house special, ox tail, etc. everything was good. Price is very reasonable and it's cash only. Workers are nice and do their best to communicate with you despite their limited English.  I wish they would open in the West Coast. Our Chinese food is just not as good as Chinese food from the East Coast.
2 This was a let-down, but I believe it's because the wrong items were ordered.   First off, we got seated downstairs, and upstairs would've been better, so try to sit upstairs. Downstairs is kind of a drab.   The one great dish was the cucumber salad. Couldn't get enough of it! The sauce has got a ton of sugar, and if you're looking to get diabetes from a vegetable dish, this is a solid choice.   For entrees, we ordered the noodles dish with duck and the beef stew. The portions were huge, but the duck was inedible, no exaggeration. We tried a couple pieces, but it went untouched, for the most part. The beef in the stew tasted like thin pieces of plastic, and the broth just tasted like I was drinking oil. The noodles in either dish were nothing special.   We did get one dish by accident, which was the chicken dumplings, and these are great. They do dumplings right. The flavor was on point.   It's cheap, but I believe you can find better noodles in the area.
4 Excellent broth and marinated meat!   Food:  -braised beef noodle soup with fat noodles: noodles unfortunately were inconsistent and overcooked/mushy instead of the al dente. However, the broth is fantastic and the meat marinated just right - not too salty, very tender, and an excellent mix of tendon/meat. Lots of veggies too :) Might have been an off day for the noodles- coming back to explore more of the menu and give the noodles a second chance given all the great reviews. Service: food came up relatively quick. Prototypical must be assertive to get your order in and check paid :)  Space: small space- maybe 8 or so tables seating two-four people. Haven't ventured into the bathroom so can't comment on that ;) Price: very reasonable for portion size and meat/broth quality.
4 Tiny hole in the wall. Best pan chicken/veggie fried dumplings! One star off because the place could use some cleaning up appearance wise. TIP: CASH ONLY!
4 Portions are huge. Stick with the soups guys. I ordered both the pan fried (stir fried) noodles and the roast beef noodle soup.   Roast beef noodle soup was great. Delicious. The noodles had this amazing texture. Nothing like I've experienced in SoCal before. Hand pulled noodles. 4/5 on this. The soup was missing some "omg gimme more" though so I had to give it some more by throwing in a spoonful of spice. And also put some more soy sauce (with vinegar). Then it was yummy. Yeah stick with the soups.   I also ordered the pan fried pork noodles. These were super oily. Tons of oil and cabbage stuff. Wasn't a fan. The noodles itself was the same as the soup but the flavor just wasn't doing this place any justice. Avoid this item if you can, and stick to the soups. This serving was quite large so you can share btwn two people.   The soup noodles folks. Stick with this and you won't be disappointed.   It's a small shack and it was hot in here. No AC it seems. Just a spinning fan. If you can tolerate the humidity and the heat, you'll enjoy this place. It was packed also, as I sat down, a handful of people kept coming in. That's how you know this place is legit.   Would I come back? No. I'm not a fan of the area in general and without AC on a hot summer day, I'd avoid. You can find other noodle places (a bit lower in rating) but with AC so you can enjoy your noodles without having sweaty balls. Haha
5 Had the vegetable hand pulled noodles with egg and the pork and vegetable steamed dumplings. The noodles were really springy and the soup really light and refreshing. Good meal!
3 If you're craving for some quick noodles, then you should drop by this place. The food isn't amazing, but it is cheap and quick. It is small, poorly insulated, and extremely casual. Don't expect amazing service either. They seat you, take your order, then bring you your food. They never ask how's your food, or if you need anything else. I don't mind it, because this is a place where you just eat and leave.   You can choose between 7 different types of hand-pulled noodles when you order a noodle dish. My favorites are the Big Wide Hand-pulled and the Knife Peeled. The Knife Peeled noodles are irregular and weirdly shaped with various thickness. It's a great option if you want extra texture in your dish.   Overall, this place is just okay. It's nothing special. The pan fried noodles are greasy and don't have much meat. I wouldn't go out of my way to try this place. However, if you're around the area, share an order of dumpling and/or noodles with some friends just to try it.  Tip: CASH ONLY!
4 This place has yummy noodles. But man, this place is tight. You have to come early or share a table with people.  I love their beef noodle soup. The broth is good and the noodles are so fresh.
4 A hole in a wall for delicious, savory noodles. We came early for dinner on a Saturday, and the place was already packed! A bit of a long wait for getting our food, and we observed the same for our neighbors sitting on the next table over. Extra seating available if you venture to the basement floor.
5 One of my favorite hand pulled noodle joints in all of the city. Fresh, tasty and delivered straight from Chinatown. Highly recommend if you are looking for an authentic noodle.
4 I grew up in China /HK and can honestly say the noodles here are no different than back home. Staff is friendly and very helpful. Downsides: the​ place is not very clean and very cramped.
5 Omg.  It was really reaaaally good.    Get the Duck noodles regular style.  9 bucks.  Make it muddy with the sauces on the table.  Yasssss.    You can see them making noodles from the table.
5 This is a hole in the wall Chinatown gem. I almost don't want to share my secret spot. I've only ever tried the pan fried noodles because I love them so much I can't bring myself to try anything new!!!! My boyfriend and I travel all the way from east harlem to get our favorite noodles :) you can actually see them being hand pulled in the back. The portions are HUGE! Enough for two people, under 8$. Most other dishes are even around 5-6$. The dumplings are insanely good and flavorful, I love all the sauces they put on the table, yummy tea, and a HUGE CONTAINER of cilantro!!!!!! The cilantro is soooo so so so good with the noodles and dumplings. My favorite are knife pulled of fat hp. If you love noodles you will looove this spot :) plus it's so crazy affordable!!' Yummmmmm
1 Terrible. Ordered beef noodles with skinny rice noodle; the noodles taste like plastic; the beef over sauced. I left without touching it after the first taste. Really disappointed.
5 Hand pulled noodles: GOODDDDD.... Dumplings: GOOODDD.... Portion: HUGEEEE  Great hole in a wall gem in Chinatown. When I went it wasn't too busy, but I know on the weekends it probably attracts a lot of tourists. The noodles were well cooked, it wasn't too over cooked like how some hand pulled noodle places do it. I loved the broth, it was rich and great pairings with the fried egg on top. Because...who doesn't love a fried egg on top of everything.   Prices are good, and portions are huge. Can have it for two meals.
5 The best place ever for noodle soup! VEGANS get the tofu soup with vegetable broth w/ hand pulled noodle, you won't regret it! The place is a little tight so be prepared to go down stairs in the basement!
1 This is my third time to visit here and I will not come back here anymore.  Don't go to downstair during lunch time. We were waited more than 40 minutes and they made a mistake for my order.  I ordered knife cut pan fried noodle but they bring handpulled noodle.  The downstair seating smells dirty toilet and some of customers that brought here just left before order. The noodle came with somebody's hair inside.  I used to like their taste so I did not care about their service. But toilet downstair seating and hair in food is too much. When I write this review, I feel like I would like to throw up.  If you want to eat somebody's hair, go here.
4 amazing hand pulled noodles - they're so delicious and the soup is perfect! It's hidden away on Doyers st in Chinatown but the area attracts a lot of tourists so it's not too hard to find. This hole in the wall gem is great, but since it's Chinatown you know it's going to be small and look sketchy but don't be turned off by the look - their noodles are delicious and chewy - I always order the beef noodle soup with Hand-Pulled noodles (they also have knife cut and rice noodle)  they also have delivery and online ordering - surprising for a place like this in Chinatown  For takeout they separate the noodles from the soup which helps prevent the noodles from soaking in all the broth while in transit - the noodles will probably get all stuck together but just dump them in the soup when you're ready to eat and they'll be fine :)
4 Chinatown legitness. Despite being on the rapidly fancifying (is it gentrifying if it's Asian owners?) Doyers street, this place is old school and hole-in-the-wall. My boyfriend was finishing up a meal here before I met up with him so I got a chance to try the noodles without committing to a carb coma. Most dishes are $5-6; I think what he had was the beef soup with big and wide noodles.  The noodles themselves are seriously so good. Great texture. I really liked the flavor of the broth too, though it's a bit oily. The meat was meh, a lot of fat and tendon. I think I've had better in my noodle quests (Ho Foods comes to mind for a similar style), but unbeatable value and huge portion.  Free (and bitter) green tea. No frills and cash only. I need to try Lan Zhou to get a better perspective.
5 I'll be completely honest; this is my favorite restaurant in New York.   The noodles, whether pan-fried or in a soup, are the best I have ever had. They are cooked perfectly to order, and served with fresh vegetables, meat, and a wide array of sauces. My favorite dish is the tofu noodle soup; the perfectly chargrilled Teriyaki tofu is absolutely mind blowing, and served with a generous portion of handpulled noodles makes a perfect meal. The staff is always friendly, and incredibly smart and efficient.   The prices are unbelievable; you can have a completely filling meal for two with appetizers (and of course their complimentary green tea) for under $20 total. Be sure to grab one of the green guava candies on the way out!
4 A hole in the wall of a restaurant. In a classic good way. Cheap fast eats. The food was great. The guy was literally hand pulling the noodles in the back room. The restaurant was chaotic with a long wait out side the door. They forgot our order of stemmed dumplings, but didn't flinch when we asked them to drop it from the bill. Cash ONLY so heads up
5 I loved Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles!  I got the #2 special with the fat hand-pulled noodles and I am addicted!! The soup was really clear and not too salty. The noodles were amazing - chewy and bouncy!!! I cannot say much about the meats in the noodles because I focused mostly on the noodles and the soup.   On the table, there is also fresh cilantro, which I added into my noodles and it added even more flavor. The chili sauce also added a kick to the soup.   I loved the bowl of noodles I had there. I have been craving another bowl.
4 Came to this place on a little Chinatown food tour we had organized. It was very busy, with the line out the door (though It's worth mentioning that it was the first Chinese New Year weekend). We got chicken noodles and fried chicken dumplings. Both items were very good, and you can definitely tell the noodles are hand made (watching them make it in the little back room is neat!). Understandably, service was a little scattered. Also, it is cash only! Otherwise, would definitely visit this place again.
4 We came in at lunchtime and expected to be waiting in line but surprisingly there was one table for two left in the corner of the restaurant, so we gladly took it!  We ordered pork fried dumplings and the two House special noodles. We definitely enjoyed the dumplings! The filling was awesome, and the chewy and crunchy dumpling skin much the dumpling so much more worth it!  The challenge we had was the waiters kept trying to speak Chinese to us, which is understandable since we're Asian-American but we don't know any Chinese. In other words we had to specifically tell the waiters we don't speak Chinese and that we can only order in English. Plus the waiter seemed to not understand our choices; I told the waiter and pointed to the picture that I wanted fat noodles for my House Special #2 but they served me the regular noodles.  Other than that the noodle soup tasted great. I also enjoyed the texture of the handmade noodle. Plus the price is very cheap so would definitely recommend. They also take cash only so prepare to have cash on hand.
5 I've been here a few times over the years and it never disappoints. As a New Yorker, I would say this is the best place in Manhattan Chinatown for hand pulled noodles with Cantonese style preparation. I love the chewy texture of hand pulled noodles. It's really best to go here when it's cold out and you want a nice bowl of noodle soup. I would say any of their hand pulled noodle soups are excellent. I grew up eating stuff like beef tendon, oxtail, and tripe so I like getting it here but I would also recommend their roast duck noodle soup. This place is amazingly affordable for delicious food. Small space, hole in the wall restaurant, but on an interesting old historic street. Haven't tried their pan fried noodles but I definitely plan to!
4 Best hand-pulled noodles I've ever had? Probably. Best restaurant in Chinatown? Obviously, debatable. Although, I'll give it credit for dragging me all the way to the one part of town I hate the most: Chinatown.   This low key shop has everything when it comes to noodles. There's about 5 different kinds of noodles to choose from. Who knew there were so many options? Their menu has other great options too - a ton of them actually. The prices are fantastic for the amount of food you get. After ordering one of the pulled-noodle dishes, I knew right away I had left overs. Score.   Even if it's the dead of winter, this place is definitely worth a trip to Chinatown- and that's coming from me.
4 3.5 stars. We ordered a variety of noodles in soup (as suggested, we got the noodles apart from the soup). The noodles were good - very chewy and a plentiful serving. The broth was fine, although I thought it could have had a bit more flavor. Meat was a bit tough and tended to congregate at the bottom, making it difficult to have bites of meat and noodle together. Pork dumplings were good but not exceptional.  I would be down to go back and try the pan fried noodles, I think they might do better in that setting. Otherwise, a fine choice for a cold day but not worth going out of your way.
3 Ordered online with Yelp...and my food never showed up. When I called they said they had just never gotten/lost the order. So sad. I still ordered anyway as I was starving and it was late. The pork noodles were really good. The meat dumplings were "OK". Nothing special and they were soggy by the time I got them. I also got oxtail soup...it was not good as all! I don't know what the flavor was in the broth but it surely wasn't oxtail. It tasted funky, like it was almost bad? The delivery guy was extremely nice though and apologetic about my food being so late. I would order the pork noodles again but the rest of it was nothing special.
5 Overall: I can't speak to how the fried hand-pulled noodles stack up against the competition but the soup noodles are hands down my favorite.   *** FOOD *** I've been here a couple of times and each time I always end up getting the beef hand-pulled noodle soup and a side of orange chicken to share. The orange chicken really is so average it's nothing to rave about but alongside a good soup it's so nice. The broth is super umami and bursting with savory flavor. I also recommend the dumpling noodle soup which is just so much bang for your buck cause it comes with everything in the standard noodle soup + dumplings. Like...  *** TIPS *** Get the thick noodles or the extra wide noodles. Anything else gets too soft in the broth. Make sure you don't forget about the unlimited cilantro and hot pepper oil on the side: makes a huge difference. Vinegar in the mustard squeeze bottle is great if you get dumplings. You can get a quart of the beef broth for $5 which is enough for two servings if you take home and boil your own noodles.
3 Got the pork dumpling hand pulled noodle soup and they were great! Not WOWED but satisfied my craving and fairly priced. My friend LOVED his though and would probably have given this place a 5+ if he had Yelp. The wait however took forever! Had to wait outside the door to get seated, sat down, ordered, and probably waited another 40 mins before our food came out. The people who say next to us said they came a lot and this never happens so maybe we came on an off night. Would come again if craving noodles
5 I decided to take a trip out to Chinatown and although I don't love Chinatown, my meal at Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles was worth going for and worth the ridiculous Uber fare I paid to get there. I had the pork noodle soup with dumplings and this may have been one of the most perfect foods I've ever eaten. I didn't know noodles could be so good. The dumplings were, by far, the best I've ever had. The soup broth was perfect. Long after my trip to Chinatown I'll be thinking about the soup from here. Seating is limited, as in, there's like 6 tables but they do seem to turn them pretty quickly. I was in too much of a hurry to wait so I got mine to go and ate on the sidewalk amidst bags of trash, but even that didn't take away from the amazingness of this soup.
5 If I can come here everyday... I would. The shrimp pan-fried rice noodles were delicious. As well as the beef noodle soup. Sometimes it's packed but if you come on a weekday, it shouldn't be so bad. It's well worth the trip though. And if you get the right seat, you could see them hand pulling the noodles.
4 My friends and I got: wonton soup, roasted duck noodles soup, roasted duck pan fried noodles and beef noodle soup. The base is ok, a little bland. The noodles are great though, they are hand made and have a great texture. I would Not recommend the roasted duck, I dont think it's worth it and it wasn't that great. Beef noodles are good and the pan fried noodles are my favorite.   I think it's pretty good overall. The wait time was short though the place is a little cramped. The food didn't come out as fast as I thought, but it was pretty good.
5 Came to visit from New Jersey--absolutely love this little hole in the wall in the outskirts of Chinatown. All of the children and my mother even liked everything we ordered!!!  The soup was delicious and vegetable were very fresh. Noodles were fantastic! Don't expect anything fancy-- all styrofoam cups and the bathroom is a little grungy-- but I would go back in a heartbeat because the food was five star!
5 Delicious hand-pulled noodles, great shrimp dumplings and and a fresh, light baby bok choy appetizer. This is a fine, tiny, popular Chinatown spot for noodles I'd highly recommend. Like many of them, not going for fancy design --  no frills but great food.
3 I hate giving mediocre ratings but that's what this restaurant deserved.   Staff was very nice, that wasn't the problem. Was seated immediately with a pot of tea.   Ordered the cold picked cucumbers which were fantastic, definitely freshly made and perfectly seasoned with garlic and light vinegar.   Here's the negative review, ordered chicken noodle soup which had a light chicken broth but the white meat chicken was so artificial it was inedible. They battered, seasoned and tenderized the crap out of it that it had no meat texture at all. And they was a heavy coating of what I assumed to be corn starch. Often times starch is used as coating to soften meat before cooking, if over used it'll get doughy.   The noodles were springy but lack luster.   I dunno....I might give it another chance and try the beef and hopefully have a better experience.
2 ordered takeout and asked for chili oil on the side. when i got home i realized not only did i not get the chili oil on the side like i requested, i got it in my noodles. my noodles were almost inedible due to the amount of chili oil they decided to add in. also about half way through my meal i realized i had a huge piece of plastic in my food. obviously i did not finish it and just threw it out. i am very disappointed in this location and would most likely not order from them again.
4 This place is usually my quick take out place. Compared to most of the asian places in the block, this place has really healthy food. There is no excessive oil in the noodles that's actually a plus for me. They have a fantastic variety to chose from - I love that! They have really good dumplings too!
4 I wish this place had scallion pancakes, I know they would be amazing because of how good this food is.   I had the vegetable noodles and the broccoli in garlic sauce. The only complaint I have is that the broccoli actually didn't come in garlic sauce unless their mild version makes it less garlic flavored. Their noodles are cooked to perfection, not too soggy but soft enough. The broccoli is also perfect.  I accidentally put pick up when it was really delivery and they called to make sure thats what I wanted and to verify my order. I dont know how they knew to do so but I appreciated it whole heartedly.   I will order from here time and time again.
5 What else is there to say, it's a no frills noodle shop with amazing food, plenty of condiments (think chili paste), and super fast service.
4 Ahhhh. Can't stop coming to this place, I've already dropped by 4 times in the past month, especially in this frigid winter that we've been cursed with. The hand-pulled noodles (big and wide) in the beef soup are my favorite but really, everything here is sooo good. I've also had the #1 house special which is super filling and tasty--the fried egg makes a huge difference in giving your bowl of noodles some variety. The dish I've gotten that's my least favorite is the roast pork noodles--I'm just not a huge fan of that kind of Chinese roast pork (Cha Shao Rou). The HP noodles are always doughy and soooo satisfying, though so I can't complain too much.  If you're down for appetizers, the seaweed and cucumber are both good. If not, a bowl of noodles is definitely enough for a hefty meal! Don't forget to bring cash!
5 Tasty indeed!  Great hole in the wall spot with delicious dumplings and  noodle soups. This is a favorite spot for me and my friends to hit when we're in the mood for a big bowl of hot noodle soup.  I recommend the knife hand-pulled noodles. The texture of the knife hand-pulled noodles goes well with the rich broth. I've also had the dumplings and they didn't disappoint.  My family is from the Northern China province and I grew-up making dumplings and eating Asian noodle soup so this place is one of the places that just hits the mark for me each time.  I've also had the stir-fried Chinese cabbage and was surprised at how delicious it was.  I've been here many times and even tried the vegetarian dumpling noodle soup.  Not as tasty as my favorite beef noodle soup but I would still recommend it as a vegetarian option.
5 My favorite place for noodle. I love, love, LOVE the duck noodle soup. I've always been very lucky and get a duck leg to come with my noodle. I love that this place is also reasonably priced! Do note that the location at Hell's Kitchen is a little bit more expensive but hey, I used to work around there and a few bucks wouldn't deter me from getting my noodles! I occasionally crave for noodles and Tasty is always my go-to. I haven't found another place to get my noodle fix as well as Tasty can!  Also, do note that the place is a little loud and pack and you likely would need to sit with some strangers. But hey, that's what makes it authentic, at least that's what I would like to think!
5 This small, quaint Chinese noodle shop has amazingly soft, yet chewy handmade noodles. Depending on your seat in this establishment, you can see the ladies in the back making these noodles by hand.   The menu has a mixture of pan-fried or soup noodles; it has one or two vegetarian options, but most are meat; and there are different shapes and sizes for noodles. I tried the large HK noodle size and the knife-peeled noodles. Knife-peeled was the best hands down. It had a chewy, yet flexible melt in your mouth texture and it went well with the meat and the light yet deeply flavoured broth.  Their broth was light, not too heavy with fat, Ye got had tons of flavour from star anise and other herbs. The roasted duck and the oxtail had lots of seasonings too for a topping.  Service was efficient and helpful. Cash only. Every bowl is about 8 bucks, so it's perfect for a rainy day.
2 just passable, nothing else to say beside the taiwan noodle shop at the chelsea market is 100 times better
5 Heard about this place on the food network after Guy Fieri said they have some of the best noodles. Came in and ordered the shredded pork chop pan fried noodle with their classic hand pulled noodle. The food was ready so fast and was so hot and fresh. I absolutely loved the noodles, some of the best I've had. The texture of the noodles was just amazing and the flavor was excellent as well. Came in with a friend and she had the same thoughts as well, the noodles here are just great. A must try to me. The place is a hole in the wall type place but that's what makes it great. Can't wait to come back here and order more. (Cash only by the way)
5 After having a not so lucky night trying to find something super good and authentic in Chinatown the night before, a friend took us to this place and I was in love. This is the exact kind of place I had been trying to eat at in NYC, I was actually pretty sure I had seen one of the travel food places that I follow on facebook share a video about this place so I was super excited and not disappointed. We walked in (well kind of since there was a line going out the door) and the place was not very impressive looking which kind of impressed me. The aroma in the air got me excited and I kind of liked that it didn't look super nice on the inside because to me, in NYC a crazy busy restaurant that doesn't look super fancy means delicious and affordable food. After a woman sat us down at a table and gave us our menus we quickly decided to order a few things since the prices were so reasonable. I ordered a house special soup and also shared some garlic broccoli and steamed dumplings with my fiancé and his friend. Every single thing was amazing. The broccoli was cooked perfect - not too crunchy, not too soft and had tons of flavor, The dumplings (stuffed with pork I think) were extremely flavorful and delicious and I am not even a big fan of dumplings. The soup was the real star oft the show though, of course. The noodles were no joke, you could just tell they were homemade and the texture was incredible. The soup had so much flavor from all of the meats in it and it was so much food! This place is a must when visiting Chinatown. Next time I'm back in the Big Apple I will definitely be coming back here.
5 Theres only a few noodle soup places worth 5 stars in the City and this one of them. Their broth has an incredible taste, their noodles are spot on fresh, and the food is delicious. Service is friendly and fast, you can't go wrong with Hand Pulled Noodles. Whether to go or sit down you can get your stomach full for a really fair price and leave happy.
4 The noodles were OK (a bit bland) but, the highlight for us was watching the noodle guy hand pull the noodles. Pretty cool to see and worth stopping by just for that.
4 I have been a fan of Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles for years now. There are other locations just as good that may be cheaper but Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles on Doyers delivers to my office and that makes work ever so slightly less soul crushing. Nice chewy noodles, solid juicy dumplings and good deep bone broths. It's better to sit and eat there because they never give enough of the chili oil for deliveries and the chili oil is everything.  On a less busy day go watch them make the noodles in the back to marvel at how easy they make it look.
5 If you're looking for an authentic hole in the wall feel in Chinatown... You should definitely go here.  The prices are cheap and the food is delicious!  I usually get pan fried hand pulled noodles or the soup versions.   Cash only.
4 I ordered their house special noodle soup, and I think it's a very tasty comfort food. Their soup base is very natural. I could tell it's a homemade soup base. The noodle itself is even a plus. It is hand-pulled and cooked to the most adequate level. The only downside is that they gave very few oxtail to me :(  Would def come again!!!
5 Woah! This place gives u a large bowl of noodle soup with only $7-9 dollars! Amazing price with delicious noodles! It's kind of hidden in the street which in a way is good because there isn't much wait.
4 Good place. Not Wong Hand-Pulled Noodles good. But good.  About $7 a dish. The broth is tasty.
4 We were in NYC for a long weekend and this was one of my favorite places.  Definitely a highlight of our trip.  I wish we had a chance to go to more places in Chinatown.  Definitely worth a visit.  The place is unique, the area is unique, and so is the food.  The prices are reasonable - which is good since the place is cash only.  Most of us got the Chicken Hand Pulled Fried noodles.  DELICIOUS.  We also ordered soup, fried dumplings, and fried rice.  The place is small, there were 8 of us but we were able to sit in their basement (it was great for our group since we are a bit loud).
3 I have to say that I'm very disappointed. This place seems to have plenty of good reviews. But the taste is not as good. I ordered beef and tendon knife peeled noodles. The beef tendon, beef and knife peeled noodles are ok. But the soup is bad. It tastes greasy and bland. The lamb hand pulled noodles are similar. The soup is the problem. The lamb has a lot of fat, bone and skin but little meat. The noodles are not as chewy as how they should be as hand pulled noodles. I'm disappointed that I cannot find the taste back in China. The place is small but it seems a lot of non Asian comes here. The food is cheap though. This place takes cash only.
5 Came here on my visit to New York after walking across the Brooklyn Bridge (it was freezing), about a 20 minute walk from the end of the bridge. It's on a small street in Chinatown and the seating is pretty snug if you don't mind that. My friend and I ordered #1 and #2 with small wide noodles (you have like 5 types of noodles to choose from) and the kitchen door is open so you can see them pulling the noodles! Honestly it was the perfect meal to have noodle soup right after a chill walk. We went around 4:30pm so we didn't have to wait for a table, but the place was full! Although most of the clientele was not Chinese, it's still an authentic place, so don't let that fool you! Each bowl was about $9! Not bad for New York. The broths were soo flavorful, and they come with lots of vegetables, in case you've been feeling guilty about only eating pizza and cookies during your stay in New York. A lot of people describe it as hole-in-the-wall but I think it's the perfect decor for a noodle shop like this!
4 We had take out while staying in lower Manhattan.  Awesome noodles and dumplings.  Good, not greasy, fresh pork chop soup.  Definitely would order again.
5 We had the chicken noodle soup and the house special #48. Chose the fat noodles. Delicious. The tea they served along side was also very good. We enjoyed this stop in China Town. The waitress was pleasant.
4 This place is losing a star because at first it looks like a health hazard. The tiny place was packed and we were sent downstairs to the dungeon. Thought that a would be forgotten down there but service was excellent. We ordered fried dumplings and boiled dumplings. So juicy, flavorful and delicious. We also ordered their knife cut noodles. Wow..you can taste the noodles. A hint of sweetness and it was like a really light gnocchi.  Came with shrimp which were cooked prefectly.  Last dish was beef mei fun. That was good too but not as good as the other dishes. So much food and so cheap. Recommended for sure.
4 Yummy hand pulled noodles. As authentic as you can get. The alternative restaurant to Lam Zhou, which used to be my favorite until it closed down.   Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles is cheap and solid!!
5 The most delicious, authentic hand pulled noodles. Almost every customer was ordering in Chinese, and you share tables with other customers as it is a small restaurant. The soups were fantastic and I don't think you can go wrong with any of the noodle or meat options. Very good price.
3 Went in to try something new and I was disappointed with the broth and its lack of flavor. Despite this, the noodles had a nice consistency and the beef was good. I got #48 on the menu- beef tendon and fried egg. I will try and go here again to see if there are other choices that will bring me to flavor town.
2 If you are looking for authentic Chinese beef noodle soup, don't go to this one. It's tasteless, honestly.
4 Of the many hand pulled shops, this was among the first and still remains among the best. The broth beats all and the knifed peels are special.  Add the chili oil, sriracha and cilantro and it is a perfectly balanced meal in terms of flavor with healthy portions for a reasonable (close to cheap for nyc) price.
5 If you are looking for authentic ramen and dumplings this is the place. The broth is the best I ever had in my life. You can see the employees making the ramen in the back. And the prices are really cheap. If you are around China town you must try this place.
4 Anyone that knows me knows that I'm obsessed with broth and noodles and that I'm a clean freak. That being said, the interior could use A LOT of work, but the broth that they use for the pork dumpling noodle soup is magical. It's been a while since I've tasted a broth that savory yet clean. I'm in love!!! I could drink this broth everyday for the rest of my life with no complaints haha. Definitely get the knife cut noodles, it's so springy and slurpable in the best possible way. The pork dumplings themselves were mediocre, but that broth was insane--just thinking about the broth and knife cut noodles is making me drool.  Long story short, go get that broth and knife cut noodles. You won't regret it!
5 Good noodles I liked them. Good noodles. Tasty. Got the knife pulled and it was dank. Would come here again
5 The most authentic and the best noodles I've ever had thus far in life!! The noodles were so soft. I really wish they had this back in my state. It's so sad that I won't be going back there until next year or so.
5 This was the best noodle place I've ever tried. Definitely coming back! The noodles were incredible (both fried and in a soup). We also got some of the veggie dishes and dumplings and everything was good. It's not fancy but so worth it.
5 The best, hands down Chinese spot on NYC. I've been searching high and low. I've from London and our Chinese food is banging. Now that I live in NYC, I've been hugely disappointed with the Chinese food. But this - this was fresh, tasty and so fulfilling. Please come to the one in Chinatown and live your best food life. Thank me later.
5 We went for lunch today, and OMG it was better than we imagined. The place is really a hole in the wall- more so than I had imaged, but the food was just amazing.  We had the pan fried knife peeled noodles with beef, chicken and shrimp.  The noodles were amazing and the flavor of the dish was out of this world.  We also got one soup- with duck and house pulled long noodles. The broth had a delicious flavor from the duck, mmmmm. Can't wait to go back.
5 BRING CASH! --- Holy cow.  These are some of the best, most satisfying noodles I've ever had.  Shoutout to my friend who made a spontaneous trip up to NYC and made a reservation for this place at around 6PM on a Saturday night (this place is a small, hole-in-the-wall restaurant, so it couldn't hurt if you're going with a larger group).  When I showed up, the hostesses directed me to the basement level, where there are two large tables, a couple of small tables for 2, and a supply closet.  There's juuuust enough room to move around down there without bumping into each other.  Upon looking at the menu, I was excited (and slightly intimidated) at all the different choices of dishes they had to choose from.  They had conventional Chinese American dishes, such as Chicken with Garlic Sauce served with rice, as well as many appetizers.  But of course, I had to give their "tasty hand-pulled noodles" a try.  You could get them pan-fried or in a noodle soup.  I opted for the Beef Stew Noodle Soup, while my friends got various pan-fried noodle dishes -- I was not asked what type of noodles I preferred, so I'm assuming there was just one type for the noodle soup.  However, I believe there is an option to choose the noodle type if you order pan-fried (thin vs flat noodles).  When my bowl came out, I dove right into the noodles.  And man, were they delicious!  The texture reminded me a lot of Japanese-style udon noodles, only a lot thinner.  They didn't break easily when I grabbed at them with my chopsticks, and when I bit into them, I got this feeling of my teeth slowly sinking into them, followed by a satisfying *snap* (hopefully that makes sense!).  I couldn't have asked for a better soup noodle.  The beef broth was piping hot and delicious as well -- I do wish that they put a little bit more vegetables and beef in my bowl though.  But hey, it's already relatively cheap for a premium bowl of noodles, so I guess I can't complain too much.  The service was excellent all-around and the waitress always made sure we had enough tea and water.  This was a pleasant and welcome surprise, and I will definitely be back -- multiple times, to make sure I get to try another noodle soup AND a pan-fried dish.
5 The place is dingy but the food is so good! We came here Christmas Eve and it was very quiet..no reservations needed and we were seated right away. The waitress served us Jasmine tea and water and came back pretty quickly to take our orders.   I got the fish ball noodle soup which was so good and hit the spot on a cold wintery night. I got the soup with the extra wide hand pulled noodles. The noodles were cooked to a perfect texture and went well with the soup and mixture of fish balls. There were also hot oil, soy sauce, and hot sauce to add to the soup. My BF got the chicken and shrimp fried rice which he said was good. Our meals together came out to be about $17.    All in all, don't judge a restaurant by its looks..also cash only.
4 Enjoyed the food!! It's a hole in the wall. Would get a take away next time, rather than dining in.
5 This place is a gem. $3 beer! Real tea with traces of tea leaves inside! The book chit came in 5 minuets, cooked and seasoned perfectly. I got the duck with knife peeled noodles...amazing. I also love all the sauces that are on the side in the middle of the table.
4 We went on Sunday afternoon and we got immediate seating. We ordered #1 House Special and included ox tail, beef tendon, tripes, slices of beef, egg and veggies with noodle soup. I was amazed that it was delicious. I definitely will try again and get stir fry noodles as many people ordered.    Service was good and the place is really small and only two waitress were working.
1 We came here with high hope, but the noodles were just meh, too soft and the meat was ok. The place also didn't look sanitary. It stinked. Will not come back.
3 Guess what? Guy Fieri visited this place. He loves it.   Hole in the wall, cheap.  Pros: Noodle are for sure solid...and hand pulled. Dumplings were a surprise hit and uber cheap.  Negs: the broth and meat were not flavorful and actually pretty disappointing. Also, my friend and I regretfully got the pickled cucumbers which were the most expensive thing on the menu for some reason. Not that good and not worth the price tag.  Could have gotten 3 orders of dumplings instead. Left me regretful.  OVERALL: good noodles. lack of flavor. dont get the cucumbers. Might come back to try the stir fried noodles like Guy likes.
5 Simply Outstanding!! To die for hand pulled noodle soup and entrees, Fried Dumplings are just jaw droppingly good!!!
5 Very fresh and tasty noodles. I had the vegetarian fried noodles and they were awesome! My boyfriend tried one with roasted duck which was very juicy and tender.
4 Tasty noodles. And I love the fact that they are handmade, right there in the restaurant. Don't be dissuaded from the "hole-in-the-wall" look of the place. It's worth the stop.  However, the only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is due to the number of bone shards I found in my dish. If I had tried chicken instead of duck in my noodles, I might have had a different experience.   But otherwise, this is precisely what the name implies: a handmade street noodle in Chinatown. And try the fried wantons while waiting!
3 I wasn't a fan. It's cheap. And if your going for cheap and quantity it's good. But there are much better places to eat at in the area. I got the beef noodle soup. Noodles were good. Broth was so so. If you do find yourself here, don't sit in the basement. It was stuffy and smelled like trash. This could be a reason why i just really didn't like this place.  I should have just waited longer for an upstairs table to open up. The broth in the soup is mild, not rich or bursting with flavor like a Japanese ramen or a Vietnamese pho. You must add the seasonings on the side of the table to make it less bland. So. Basically if i lived in the area and was sick and felt like a mild, cheap soup i would go here. But i wouldn't go out of my way to return.
4 So delicious!!!!!!!  Ordered delivery house special fried rice, fish ball with pork hand pulled noodles, and pork with vegetable dumplings.  Delivery came 30 minutes late--but hey, you're in the city and it was during lunch hour.  Everything was amazing. Pork dumplings were juicy and flavorful. Fried rice tasted like it came fresh from the wok, and had tons of beef, chicken and shrimp. Noodles were chewy and came with so many fuzhou fish balls!!!   Noodles came in a separate container, away from the soup. I did request that they make the dishes spicy, but they included chili oil in separate containers. The dipping sauce and chili oil were pretty limited, they had them filled with maybe a spoonful each.
4 ordered hand pulled noodle in lamb soup, about 10 bucks.  generally 4 stars.  hot tasty soup in 20+ cold winter day, this is the comfort food.  lamb in bite size, fresh and tender, marinated well, home feel cooking.  fresh mixed green.   hand pulled noodle, it is average, the noodle was tender, but few are tangled.
5 great food and great service! super reasonably priced, and the food comes quick. this place is very small and can be incredibly packed sometimes. But its well worth it! the garlic broccoli was amazing, and the noodles are out of this world.
5 People of tasty hand pulled noodles, I love you. I walked in and ordered the beef stew soup to go because I had $8 in my pocket. I waited at a table and drank the tea that they have out for customers. They also have cilantro in containers in the table for optional garnish. I took it to go and.... it was just... so good. I was in a noodle mood and it was just perfect. I woke up the next day wanting it for breakfast. I'm not sure what else to say, you see all the other reviews. Just go. It's so cheap. What are you gonna lose. I LOVE YOU!!!!
5 A perfect hole-in-the-wall place located in the heart of Chinatown. Small restaurant with amazing food and noodles! The hot noodle soup choices  make this a perfect choice on a cold winter day!
5 Read about this place on Yelp so we decided to stop by while in Chinatown. As others have stated, don't let the decor deter you. This place is the real deal. The food is delicious and priced reasonably!   I  still dream about the food all the way back in Milwaukee!
4 If you're looking for a cheap hole-in-the-wall that serves up delicious Chinese dishes, you've come to the right place. It might be a little dirty and in need of a refurbishment but the food will keep you coming back for more.   Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles can be hard to find. It's kind of tucked away in an alley and the seating inside is super limited. You'll be elbow to elbow with other diners and might even find yourself in the little basement area. However, the little establishment packs great flavor and I found myself drooling over their delicious noodle dishes. My favorite was the beef noodle soup. It reminded me of the kind that my grandma makes for me on my birthday - it was really authentic and the beef inside the soup was very tender, basically melting in your mouth. I also had some of the noodles that were not in soup. I didn't like those as much since it was pretty oily. The price isn't too bad for a filling meal. It's definitely cheaper than going to a "nicer" place in Chinatown or ordering a bunch of dim sum somewhere else.  Service can be iffy, especially if you were seated in the basement area like I was. The servers don't go down there frequently which is understandable since the flight of stairs is narrow and old. It makes me wonder how often the owners go down there to clean because our tables were a bit sticky and there was dust in the corners.  Basically, don't come here for a glamorous experience...because it won't be. The shop is small and old, much like Chinatown itself. However, the soup noodles are fantastic and have really great flavor. I can see myself coming here very frequently just for the beef noodle soup alone.
5 The place is small and I hear it gets packed during peak hours. So we went late night on a Sunday and got a table in, fact two tables since it's so small. The service is friendly and quiet. The food is amazing! We had both the noodles in a soup and pan fried version and both were SO GOOD! Started with the dumplings and everything was fresh.
5 This is a hidden gem in Chinatown: it's not very easy to find but well worth the effort. The noodles are handmade by the owner's daughters. Tiny little place that appears a little dingy but don't let that fool you. The food was amazing. I came here on a Sunday night during prime dinner time like 5:30-6 and was seated right away with my friend at a corner table. We got the chicken fried dumplings to start. I highly recommend them. They were slightly crispy and not super fried which was perfect. For my entree I got the pork fried hand pulled noddles, which were amazing. The meal was so good that I pushed myself to clean my plate. Next time I'm in NYC I'll be doing back.
4 Large portions at an affordable price. The noodles were a really good texture. It was really cool being able to see into the kitchen and see the noodles being freshly pulled.
4 Beef noodle soup on point. Hand pulled noodles are what you expect, fresh, chewy and delicious.  Soup not as tasty as I would expect.  With the phone constantly ringing and no one picking up, chef, waiters talking so loud I can't here myself , this is truly an authentic typical Chinese restaurant I grew up eating at. Must if you're in the area.
5 Why wait in that long line at Joe's Shanghai?  I didn't!  That's right, on a recent Saturday night the wait was up to a hour, so that prompted me to circle the narrow streets to Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles!  Typical small interior space that you'll find at any of the good Chinese spots in Chinatown.  On this night we were escorted to the basement for even smaller seating space.  For tourists, don't let this stop you as this is safe and extremely common in NYC.  The hand pulled noodles make all the difference in your noodle experience, coupled with some fresh pork it made for a excellent dish!  The best pork fried noodles I've ever experienced!  The Pan Fried Dumplings stuffed with pork were excellent as well with the quality of fresh dumplings that's no doubt handmade!  Finally, I couldn't help but try an American version of General Tso which again was absolutely fantastic!  Nice chunks of chicken that's perfectly breaded and fried, tossed in a nice spicy sauce, and served with ample amounts of broccoli.  There's no going wrong with the competitor around the corner if you choose to go there, except for the fact that you'll still be waiting while I'm eating!
4 Kinda hard to fine.  I was expecting a bit more of a store front but as anything in China Town the best restaurants are sometimes the hardest to find.  It is a short walk away from Canal St.   When you first get there you will be hesitant to enter or open the door.  You will first see only 4-5 small tables in a classic Chinese/Asian style restaurant where it is a little dingy and smokey from the kitchen but smells oh so good.  They do make hand-pulled noodles in house as my daughters watched them make them from the table.  There is a downstairs for more seating and a single unisex bathroom.    The menu is pretty big for such a small place.  Noodle-Centric of course but that is the best there.  Overall the noodles were soft and extremely tasty.  The broth of my beef/noodle dish was a little to be desired however.  The meat was a tad tendon-y.   We also ordered the dumplings which were standard fare "pot-stickers".  Service was extremely prompt and the price reasonable for NY.  Don't forget!!!! CASH ONLY!   There is a BOA ATM just 2-3 blocks away that I snuck away to.
4 Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is a cheap eats joint known for their noodle bowls and dumplings. I'm a fan of both.  Its main competitor is Lam Zhou, which is pretty close by. I'd say the noodles at Tasty are better than those at Lam Zhou, but the dumplings at Lam Zhou are better than those at Tasty. That makes me have to go to both depending on the craving.   Note: cash only.
5 We ate at 3 different places that specialized in hand pulled noodles and this place was my favorite.  For the price alone, this place cannot be beat.  We had the beef noodles and steamed pork dumplings.  Everything was really delicious for a hole in the wall restaurant.
3 Ordered delivery.  I wanted to like this place so much more.  Flavors were very muted and nothing stood out that would make me want to eat here again.
5 I'll start by saying I've recently had great Chinese food near my hometown. However, visiting Chinatown this weekend, I'm glad I came here because the food was also good. I had the pan fried noodles with vegetables with big hand pulled noodles and a side of tofu. There was too much sauce on both and they should really have come together for matching flavors but they tasted really good, especially with some sriracha. This place is (somewhat) friendly to vegetarians and the jasmine tea was nice, though again, too strong; I just added water so it all worked out. I'd recommend this restaurant to all except groups more than four, since things were pretty crowded.
5 Great place for a quick lunch or dinner. Food is delicious, the best hand pulled noodles in Chinatown.
5 I love the noodles here but it is so rare that I get to come here. Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is the best type of whole in the wall restaurant. The staff are really nice, and you should be seated quickly. I usually get the hand pulled noodles in a soup. House Special #1 is amazing and the lamb noodles are also great. If you want your noodles a little chewier, get the knife cut noodles, which are also amazing. Their dumplings are great dipped in their chili sauce.   I love how you can see into the kitchen and watch them make the noodles and you can definitely tell that this is a family run establishment. The prices are are great with one dish maybe being $9. You just have to remember to bring cash.
4 Got the pan fried vegetable noodles. Came out like lo mein. Reminded me of food court food. Noodles had good texture, but I probably wouldn't go back again.   Small place and not a lot of seating.
4 The food here is fantastic but the delivery is always late.  I order from this place regularly, always get the regular style hand pulled noodles, they're always delicious.  The dumplings are good too (fried, not so good with the really chewy steamed version).  The kimchi, the cucumber salad, all delicious.  And all late.  Every time.  It doesn't bother me so much now because I always order well before I'm hungry.  But it usually takes about an hour and a half from when I order to when I get it.  Not once has it been on time.  So remember that part if you're ordering delivery and you'll have a good experience.
3 Loved the food. We didn't like sitting in a corner downstairs, but the fresh noodles made up for that. The service was a little slow, but we weren't in a rush.
5 I can't explain how delicious this place is. Had the pork bone soup and the flavors were out of this world!! Perfect for a solo dinner or quick bite with a friend. It's tiny for groups but thats what gives it it's charm.
3 This is highly rated on Yelp. The noodles are bouncy and chewy. The plain noodles are the best part of this place. We ordered three different noodle soups, dumplings, and bok choy. The soup bases were bland and oily. The meats and add ins were bland too. The dumplings were pork and vegetables and it was too sweet. I couldn't get myself to take a second bite of this dumpling. I had the duck noodles and it's mostly duck bones, very little meat. Bok choy was standard. This place is easy to order online but if you call to check on the order, don't expect anyone to answer. I called a few times and gave up after the last time when I got hung up on. There must be better places.
4 The noodles here are definitely decent. Nice flavor, and good noodle quality. I've had better noodle soup at some other restaurants, but I'd say that this place is definitely above average.   Price is also reasonable ($9 for lamb noodle soup), although it's pricier than other places in Chinatown.   Fairy small place so I imagine it can get crowded.   Cash only
2 I thought I'd try out this place because my favorite Lam Zhou hand pull noodle was closed. The soup was completely doused in oil. The noodle texture was a bit off putting. It's too bad it didn't live up to my expectations since there were positive reviews of the place.
4 Price is fair. There's apparently a lot of seating upstairs and I was grateful they didn't rush us out of the restaurant.   I ordered their house special soup and it was delicious. I regretfully could not taste what made this place soooo special and unique, but I did enjoy it.   Collectively we offered the duck, dumpling, and house special noodle soups and we were all happy.
5 Authentic noodles with incredible flavor. The place has poor ambiance and can feel crowded, but is perfect if you're just looking for quality soup noodles that are very filling.
5 Some of the best noodles I've ever eaten. A little tough to find but totally worth it. Bring cash.
4 Wow standing outside waiting for my food, it was like a smorgasbord of humanity. I mean I ordered some tofu noodle soup.you know seeing how veggies are cooked here. It was  my first order here and noodles of course.  The noodles were very very good but the tofu was meh come on $12. But the broth and veggies made up for it.  Ohh the smorgasbord was all the tourist! Holy shit I don't hate tourist ooh sometimes. Only when they get in my way. But the noodles were worth the wait.  I work in area so I try to go before 12 noon to avoid lunch crowd. The noodles are better than other soup joints in close vicinity. Just saying have you tried them lol
5 This place is definitely a hole in the wall. Even if you were to pass by it, you'd probably be fooled by the decor of the place. It's a small place with a few tables and a cashier counter. Pretty minimalistic. Sometimes if it is busy and you aren't with a big enough party to get your own table, you'll be seated with strangers. But the main selling point is their noodles. At an incredibly affordable price, the portions are actually quite filling. I had the roast pork with thick hand pulled noodles. The roast pork was mediocre but if I wanted good pork, I would've went to big wong. The main selling part was the noodles. It was quite chewy and had great texture to it. As I said, the portions were fairly big for the price. Took less than 10 min for my bowl to come out. If you're in the area and need a place to quickly sate your craving for noodles, definitely give this place a try. You won't regret it. It is also cash only but there's a chase at right near the place.
5 Nice place in a small corner of Chinatown. One of those hole-in-the-wall places that are actually good. Small area for seating but turnover is quick. The noodle soup is very tasty, good especially with the cooler weather. The knife pulled noodles are my favorite. I've had the beef with beef tendon soup and there is a good amount of beef, and vegetables too. The dumplings look good and that will be the next thing I try when I come next time, since there will definitely be more visits!
5 Not a fancy restaurant but the food is great! Very very affordable price for the awesome Chinese Hand-Pulled dry or soup noddle! Great service too!
4 It's one of those places in the alley... Tasty Hand Pull Noodles! The smell of the soup wafting out of the window was too enticing!!1  House special #1 -comes with 3 or 4 different meats, a fried egg, & tasty hand pulled noodles ofc. =D  The soup was flavorful and the noodles were al dente.   There's not a lot of space, so don't really expect to get a seat.
5 Stopped at a sit-down spot in Chinatown that my wife loved. Unfortunately the wait was 30 minutes and I was on E.   Need cash and the closest Chase ATM was around the corner. While she waited for me she Yelp!ed this spot right around the corner.   First off, A rating is always good.  Plus the menu outside included a cameo of Flavortown.   Then we walked in and were told to sit anywhere. Complete family set up with the noodles being cut just in the room beside the dining area. A tourist asked if he could take a picture with his fancy Nikon and they obliged him for 20 minutes - no exaggeration. They didn't mind but his girlfriend wasn't thrilled.   We hit a low spot because it was pretty empty when we got there but there was a line soon after.   We read over the menu and quickly ordered the chicken noodle soup and dumplings.  While we waited we enjoyed water and tea from the styrofoam cups stacked 30 deep on the counter. There was a refrigerator in the corner with sodas and beers but we were balling on a budget. There was also a second group photo of Flavortown's visit so we have Google that episode.   The chicken noodle soup came and we shared it in 5 slurps. As we waited we watched a little white girl pop up from seemingly nowhere to ask for the restroom. Turns out there was a basement because when folks kept showing up they told them they could go downstairs.   As I grew impatient for the dumplings - not because they were slow but because I was starving - I motioned over to one of the 2 servers. Before I could say something she said, "Dumplings are almost ready." Thirty-seconds later they were on our table.   Chicken noodle soup - white meat was incredibly moist. Like fried chicken moist. The dumplings were perfect and not boiling hot on the inside.   As we enjoyed our meal, there was a couple in the corner that would have been difficult to miss. Her tattoos were full-sleeve but his overalls were full-rainbow. I noticed them leaving and then notice them returning - full-rainbow overalls.   "How many?", the server asked.   "We were just here," full-rainbow replied. "Just wanted to pay."  Wow.   We will definitely be back.   Edit: Just watched Flavortown talk about his Doyer St visit on The Best Thing I Ever. 100%
4 Their House Special Noodle Soup is definitely a must. Coming back here when I'm in Chinatown.
5 Dang, this spot is legit. This is the best hand-pulled noodle I've had in the United States and is definitely worth a trip. The pulled noodle with lamb tastes exactly like you'd get from a hole-in-the-wall in China. Good sized portion and very cheap.   Service is and the interior decor is lacking, uninspired, and everything else that you'd expect from an authentic Chinese restaurant. Eats were cheap, but like many other spots in Chinatown, they don't take credit card!
2 This small little noodle house is great for a party of one or two. My family of four and I stopped by during dinner and had to be seated in the basement downstairs alone. This wasn't really any issue at all, we were still served just as quickly as one could expect. We just missed out on the feeling of having other diners near us. Although it did feel like a private dining experience.   I ordered the beef hand pulled noodles and they were okay. The beef was horrible, I actually had to take it out of my soup and leave it, which was frustrating since I paid extra for it. The noodles were good. They differed in size but we're cooked well and tasted fresh. The soup broth was flavorful as well. My personal suggestion would be to just order noodles with beef broth or to pick another protein. The Orange Chicken was good, it was crispy and had decent flavor. The fried veggie dumplings were probably my favorite! I'm a sucker for fried dumplings and these were pretty fantastic.  Overall nothing blew me out of the water, I've had much better Chinese, but I wasn't completely horrified by my dining experience.
5 Nooodddlles!  Love this place found them on YELP . seriously would not have been able to find this restuarant with out Yelp  hahaha. It's been amazing . We got the beef noodle soup and the duck soup. Both of great . One bowl for like 7 bucks in the city which is pretty fucking amazing  in comparison to flushing . Go here !!!!!!!!  Oh yeah it's small as though but cute
4 Cash only!  When walking past, don't be deterred by the small interiors -- there's more seating downstairs! Don't let the photo of Guy Fieri scare you either -- the noodles here are delicious. We got the regular hand pulled noodles pan fried with duck and it was amazing. The duck was the standout for me, over the noodles, because it was so moist and tender. And because I firmly believe no dumpling should be left behind, make sure you get an order of the pan fried pork dumplings to go with. There's nothing standout about this place per se, but just a really solid plate of food.
4 The staff was friendly and the food was 5 stars! Only drawback was the size so you are literally packed in like sardines.
5 Not too salty - no frills, hole in the wall Chinese noodle shop. Cash only. You get a huge bowl of noodle soup for like $7/$8. Feels very authentically Chinese.
4 So good. We ordered the house special hand pulled & fried pork dumplings. They both were delicious.  The location is pretty small and I would definitely recommend ordering take out here. Also note - cash only restaurant.
4 I got the pan fried hand-pulled noodles with roast pork. It was by far the best noodles that I have ever gotten in Chinatown, and the sauce/seasonings were very flavorful. However, I can't give 5 stars because 1) there was very little to no roast pork and 2) the actual roast pork wasn't anything special. It's also $8.50 which is quite pricey for a noodle dish in Chinatown. The restaurant is very tiny and crowded so I wouldn't recommend actually eating at the restaurant. The noodles are so good though that I will definitely be returning for more.
4 The stir fried veg noodles where the best thing I have had here. I had had the veg soup, and veg dumplings and the stir friend noodles here. The stir fried noodles have the most flavor. The veg dumplings are good but could be better. Decent service.
5 I honestly think these are the best noodles in New York. So tasteful and it was very cheap. Loved this place.
5 This is a tiny restaurant with a dungeon! There was a family waiting outside of the door when we got there(around 8:30pm). I thought we need to wait for a while but we actually got a table right after that family of six was seated. We both got seated in the dungeon  and the AC was blasting. That's good because I got very hot after eating the noodles soup! I read from the other yelper that she didn't get much service from sitting in the dungeon so I warned my family. However, the waitress actually served us pretty well whenever she came down with our food orders. You just need to be patient at the beginning cause it seem like they are short staff. The waitress was running around. During our meal, she offered us more soup saying that you can have as much soup for free as you want.   For food, we all ordered some type of noodles. Mine was#1 with thick noodles. I think the noodles was cooked pretty well even though it's thick. It was more than enough food for me but I wasn't that hungry to begin with. My families also ordered chicken pan fried dumplings. They were very impressed with the dumplings. They said the dumpling skin didn't stick to the teeth like the other dumplings. My mom ended up ordering two more to go. Food was cheap too. I would recommend everyone to try the pan fried dumplings!
4 My family and I first stumbled upon Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles several years ago during a family trip to NYC. Ever since, it has been my go-to spot for hand-pulled noodles. Throughout the years, this tiny spot on Doyer Street has seen some changes, fortunately, taste is not one of them.   My favorite thing to order is the pan fried vegetable noodles with regular hand-pulled noodles. I've tried their other pan fried noodles and their soup noodles, but for me, nothing beats the pan fried vegetable noodles. All it needs is a healthy dose of fresh cilantro and hot chili oil and it's good to go.  This restaurant truly meets the definition of hole-in-the-wall. These days, hole-in-the-walls seem to be very in. Nom Wah, a couple doors down, definitely has a hand in boosting the economy of Doyer Street. Here, you can expect to find mismatched chairs and tables, with the tables topped with a slight sticky/oily film on top through years of dine and wear. Like all good Chinese eateries, each table is packed full with a water pitcher, foam cups, napkins, hot chili oil, sriracha, soy sauce, and vinegar. It's going to take some tetrising to make room for your noodles.   Service can be rough and gruff at times, depending on who is serving and how busy the restaurant is, but then again you don't come for the service. If you ever find the line at Nom Wah to be too long, Tasty Hand-Pulled Noodles is down the block. Just be sure to bring cash!
2 I'm not sure what region the owners are from, but there was kimchi on the menu and sirracha on the table. There were no cold or dry Chinese noodle dishes--no sesame noodles, or with peanut sauce-- just greasy fried lo Mein, like u can get anywhere that doesn't specialize. If u want the hand pulled noodles you need to order soup, and most of the soup options were like pho (Vietnamese) And incredibly dirty-- they never cleaned our table before previous dinners and gave us tiny styrofoam plates the size of your hand to share -- and scissors to cut the noodles-- since the styrofoam plates r clearly to small to hold their noodles. And the duck for the lo mien was not good-- they r not a duck place so that's another misplaced item thrown in--like the sriracha, kimchi, and Styrofoam
5 I loved this tiny noodle shop! On a recent trip to NYC, I drug my family through the winding streets of China town to find Tasty Hand Pulled Noodle Shop that has been bookmarked for the last 2 years.   The shop is tiny and cramped. However, the noodles were exquisite. We tried a variety of noodles. Hand pulled in broth, knife cut stir fried, hand pulled lo mein, and to round it out some pork dumplings.   We've been back twice and enjoyed sitting in the patio tables on the closed off street. It's definitely a favorite spot to visit when we are in NYC!
5 tried because of reviews, not bad. Pretty much tasted like an authentic asian noodle soup!
3 This place was somewhat disappointing for me. Firstly, I was recommended this place from a friend and another friend was craving noodles so she found this highly rated noodle place. Now obviously, these one $ places are not usually too fancy or anything so I won't ding them for that. What I am upset about was that the first floor had no more room so we opted to sit downstairs instead of waiting (since some of us was in a rush). It felt like I was going into someone's basement which felt exciting cuz that meant I was getting that authentic good Chinese stuff (I know how they roll). Unfortunately, once we got down there, no one ever came! It felt like we got banished to the dungeon at that point so I got everyone's order and walked upstairs to order from the counter in the front. Eventually someone came down and brought our food (not all at once of course).   The food was alright. The noodles were not as good as the one they had at Lam Zhou (which is now closed which is why I came here looking for a replacement). It was too uneven and some parts were overlooked and others fine (on the same piece of noodle mind you). The stuff they put in it was pretty good like the amount of meat and veggies and stuff so that was a nice surprise. Besides that, the food was decent but not something I'd travel far for (which includes walking 10-15 min to). The service was just soooo annoying I don't want to deal with it again. Only reason I'm not giving this one star is cuz I'd imagine it'll be way better if we sat on the ground floor and weren't banished in the dungeon.
3 This place is interesting. My sister ordered pan fried vegetable noodles and I got the #1 house special soup. The soup came out nice, hot and fresh. The broth was nice, a little bland for my liking. The noodles were awesome and everything in the bowl complemented each other. However, this place isn't clean. It feels really dirty/divey. Don't let the vibes get in the way of your food feelings because I def felt it getting in mine.   They put tea pots on the table and you can use the styrofoam cups on the side of the tables. Napkins, utensils, sirracha and soy sauce are also placed on the table.   I would come back here again for take-out or a quick bite.
1 A hole-in-the-wall old school shop. If you've lived in NYC, you would have heard of Tasty Hand-Pulled at some point when you ask someone "any good recommendations in Chinatown?"   The entire menu is extremely cheap, less than $10 for a meal. I ordered the pan-fried chicken dumplings (6 for $4.25), the pan-fried shrimp noodle ($9) and the beef noodle soup ($7.25).   I want to preface you can tell everything is homemade which is great but...   The dumplings were so greasy...the pan-fried shrimp noodles were the same. So much oil and grease it was difficult to eat. The shrimp noodles only come with 3 shrimp (luckily the dish itself is cheap)   The beef noodle soup was okay. I added black vinegar into the broth to give it some extra flavor. The soup has bok choy which I liked - it's a nice textural element.   The shop itself is really unclean (which is the case in many restaurants in Chinatown) They don't wipe down the tables after customers have eaten. If you peak into the kitchen many of their supplies are on the ground which is unsettling...   The staff is nice which is a plus but I wouldn't come back here.
5 A hole in the wall I would like to live in. We got the fried chicken dumplings which had a crunch but smoothieness from the wrapping. Douse everything in the plastic bottle sauce, it makes it even better. We also got the chicken pan noodles which were accompanied by a kids pair of scissors. We cut the noodles with the scissors but were not sure. We weren't hungry but finished the entire meal, that's how you know it's a 5 star rating.
5 Great food at even better value. This location offers hand pulled noodles and knife cut noodles. The portions are generous and the food is so authentic. My only issue with it was the speed of service. But being an incredible popular location, there really isn't too much they can do to speed up the process. There is no bad food, but my favorite was definitely #48. We also got dumplings for appetizer. They even threw in 2 extra dumplings to make sure we had an even number pieces split amount the group.
5 Yassssssss! Shrimp pineapple fried rice. Honey bunny had pan fried noodles with chicken. Delicious and quick. LOVED IT!
5 I ordered a dumpling noodle soup for lunch the other day and requested for the soup and noodles to be separated. When I came back to my workplace with my order, I realized they forgot to pack the dumplings. I called them up and they were nice about it and delivered the dumplings to me, offered more broth and gave me a free soda. The food itself is really good. Love their noodles and the cilantro that they add to the broth. Also something about their pork dumplings just tastes really different from other places I've tried. Great service, great food, and great price. Only wish the place was bigger with more seating.
4 Came back when I was feeling under the weather for some hot noodle soup. The pork dumpling soup with regular noodles was pretty good and totally hit the spot. But not sure if the beef soup is slightly better as the dumplings themselves, although good were not my favorite
4 LOVED our meal here last night - such a Chinatown gem.  Tiny space for sure but run with great efficiency.  We were on a bit of a line to be seated, but they had us order our food when we were up next so we could be served as soon as we sat down.  We shared an order of their fried pork dumplings, hand pulled noodles with chicken & shrimp, and hand pulled noodles with roast duck.  It's all about the noodles here - so perfectly done.  These dishes were hearty, delicious, and hit the fricken spot!  This will definitely be a go-to for us.  Can't wait to try the noodle soup next time!
2 PASS. Definitely not worth the food and money. This place is popular only because it was featured on Guy Fieri and it has cheap beers. A lot left to be desired, unfortunately.  Location: this is smack down in Chinatown and pretty south from any nearby station. If you're headed here solely for the restaurant, get prepared for the trip.  Food: I ordered the #1 House Special (it's actually number 48). It's supposed to have all of the meats and special toppings but it ends up being just scraps of random things; I'm pretty sure there were two slices of thin meat and all else was questionably vegetables?  The broth has MSG written all over it.  The noodles were good though.  Price: Prepare for $7.50-$8.50 for each bowl. The house special is $8.50. For a Chinatown hole in the wall, this isn't worth it. It's expensive.
4 I was in the mood for hand-pulled noodles and didn't want to spend an arm and a leg. I went on my Samsung Galaxy S8 in the words hand-pulled noodles and found this Gem of a spot. I have been back there twice in the past month. In fact I might go back tonight.
5 So first things first, I would recommend not running in the other direction when someone brings you here. Those are exactly my thoughts when my husband brought me here. But he reassured me that these are the best noodles he's ever had. Despite arriving at 10:45 PM the were still serving fresh knife cut noodles since the hand cut noodle chef had left for the day. We ordered the spicy pork knife cut noodles, and asked to seat ourselves. Each table came with fresh parsley, sriracha, hoisin, and cups to help yourself to green tea. Once our order came all my fears of this place vanished. No wafting into my nose was like no other, it was as if I could taste my food to the smell alone. These knife cut noodles had so much flavor in them that for once I didn't add any condiments (except some sriracha because I use it religiously). The noodles came packed with vegetables such as carrots, spring onions, mushrooms, and cabbage. The noodles were thick and flar similar to drunken Thai noodles but texture was very different! You could tell these were fresh by the doughy-mess and pull of each noodle. I know this place is known for the hand pulled noodles but if their knife cut was so sensational I can only imagine how good the hand pulled noodles would be! Definitely coming back again!! Until then I will dream about this place
5 One of my first meals in NYC when I came to live there a couple years ago. I was there for an art residency through the winter and this place kept me fed and warm throughout. I now live in Chicago and haven't found a place that mimics how great the recipe, the abundance, and how budget friendly this place is. This is the first place I recommend people who are visiting and need a quick noodle fix. I look forward to coming back!
5 Damn this place is good. It's typical for noodles to pack a punch/flavor based on the broth or seasoning it's cooked in.  But these noodles pack a flavor of their own, they taste great!  This is one of my favorite spots to go to. You can probably have the best noodles here for under 10 bucks. I get their knife cut noodles because I like flat noodles. I typically avoid the soups cause they are great at making noodles alone,  their soup broths are average. When you get pan cooked noodles the sesame oil complements the noodle much better. But to each their own!  Fyi place is kinda a hole in the wall though
3 Hand pull noodle is made from a dough that is pull by hand. Can you believe that? Doesn't it sound really dumb but the process of making it prefect cannot be accomplish by anyone. The most important qualities of the noodle are the chewiness and the thickness. If the noodle is thin while it has great chewiness(of course not as chewy as a gum) then it is almost a prefect noodle. If you want to find out the details, there is a whole history on the hand pull noodle. This is one of the highly rated restaurants for their hand pull noodle and I cannot wait to try it.   It is located inside a tiny road across the street from the post office. It is a tiny space with few tables and chairs. I came here for lunch and it was fully pack with people, some of them are tourists. I found a spot and sat down without waiting for the waitress. I ordered the beef hand pulled noodle soup($7.50) because it is the most classic and it serves in almost all the hand pulled noodle restaurants. I received the noodle soup with few pieces of vegetable and a few slices of beef flowing on top. The top was also cover in oil which I did not feel very comfortable about. Since I ordered it, I will give it a try. The soup and the noodle were both good. Noodle has a pretty good chevy texture but it lose it texture quickly when it is soap in hot soup. I started eating when I received it and halfway, the chevy texture is almost gone and left with mushy and soggy noodle. The soup on the other side was much better with good and strong flavors.   Most or almost all the hand pulled noodle restaurants does not require tips due to lack of services similar to fast food restaurants. This restaurant is no exception in that case. The server will only bring the food to you and that was it. Overall it was not a fantastic meal but it was worth a try.
5 First impression is WTF is this place?!?! It's about the size of my bedroom! So tiny and packed with people so it must be tasty.  There is seating in the basement which is where we ended up and thankfully it's actually somewhat cool down here with room to maneuver. The fried pork dumplings are amazing! The meat is so juicy. Hubby ordered house special 2 noodle soup with fat hand pulled and roast duck pan fried with knife cut for myself. The knife cut noodle is delightfully chewy but the duck is a little greasy and has bones but it still tastes pretty good. Soup has a light but flavorful broth and for the cost ($8?) you really get a lot of protein.
3 I got the duck noodle soup and my bf got the beef noodle soup with hand pulled noodles. We thought the food was good, but both soups could've had more flavor. It tasted like it was missing something. It wasn't the best soup I've ever had. The fried pork dumplings were average too. The restaurant is tiny and looks a little run down. I would come back if I was in the area, but I wouldn't go out of the way to come here.
3 I have to say their noodle is very tasty. I ordered the egg noodle with roasted duck. The place is super tiny. It's good for ordering Togo only. It's Chinatown and yes, this place look dated and a little dirty. But the noodle is good and just for to go only
5 Service: YAAAAAS  Food: YAAAAAS Space: YAAAAAS Value: YAAAAAS  Sooooooooo goood.   Ordered:  #48 - #1 House Special Noodle Soup - The broth is similar to Pho and dare I say even deeper and better tasting??!! Although it comes close to Pho in terms of broth, the noodles blow everything else away. So chewy and fresh, you can hear the "slapping" of the noodles from the kitchen which certainly adds to the flair and reputation of this place as one of the BEST noodles in NYC.  I will definitely make it back here!!
5 Chicken noodle soup and chicken pan fried is wonderful! The white meat chicken is tender and melts in your mouth. The chicken is also lean with no fat or bones which is just what I like!!!
3 This is a great workers food stop. For the price, the flavors cant be beat and the portions are filling. I will be back to explore the menu.
5 While visiting NYC one weekend, Chinatown was quite out of our way, but once I tasted my plate of stir fried hand-pulled noodles, I was really grateful that we had chosen to make the trek out to Chinatown! The menu featured many variations of pan friend or noodle soup dishes. These fresh noodle dishes really hit the spot, especially for hungry NYC travelers who are craving Chinese comfort food! Portions are also generous as well, although it was so delicious that I finished the whole plate up in one single sitting. Most dishes ranged from $6.5 to less than $10, and remember to bring cash since they don't accept credit cards. The restaurant itself had a cramped, hole-in-the-wall vibe typical of NYC Chinatown restaurants, which matched well with their home-style noodle dishes!
3 Came here to try the famous noodles. They are just okay. I've had better elsewhere and the location is very very tiny. It's in Chinatown so don't expect a glamorous interior.   I got the house #2 with all the seafood and the soup base was a lot weaker than I expected which is very strange to me since I love bland kind of food. Soup is meh. Noodles are the thin tiny ones which were meh. I don't think I'll be back there are so many other spots I would recommend for hand pulled noodles.
5 Great cheap Asian noodles. Step up from greasy take-out, but still very easy on the wallet. It's a little out of my way, but will be back soon.
5 Yummm yummm yumm, ordered online at this amazing spot. Delivery was fast and the guy was super nice !  Prices are great and I love that they make their noddles fresh, taste great.  Definitely ordering again here !
4 Enjoyed deliciously fresh pulled noodles w oxtails and spinach, tofu appetizers & best sautéed pea pod tips (aka spinach here) w garlic I ever had & I'm 100% Chinese so I can vouch for this cozy place.
5 There was quite a bit of hustle and bustle, so they led us down to their basement level. Server was prompt to take our drink and food order. We got the pork fried dumplings, which were probably the best I've ever had. I ordered the vegetable and egg noodle soup in beef broth. It was tasty and the noodles were good. However, my husband got the duck pan fried noodles and his noodles put mine to shame. It was a great experience and we would definitely be back next week if we lived in the area!
4 Really good. loved the kimchi and knife peeled noodles.  not very satisfied with the duck in the noodle soup bowl. It was mostly bones. Noodles were great and chicken in the noodle soup bowl was good, just wish there was more chicken and less noodles.
5 Totally did not disappoint! Fiancé and I heard about this place but today, we decided to finally give it a try! We both got the house special and it was super delicious. We didn't get the hand pulled noodles per se, we got the knife peeled noodles. The soup was full of flavors, the portion was generous based on how much they charge per bowl. Definitely got our bang for the bucks. Since we're not too far from Chinatown, we'll probably be here a lot more often now as I can totally see us randomly crave for some awesome knife peeled noodles.
4 No one was more upset about the closing of Lam Zhou Handmade Noodle than I was, but we all have to move on at some point and this was me doing exactly that.   Everyone needs to know about a good cheap eat in the city and this is one of them. The menu is extensive and there are so many variations of noodle soup which was exactly what I was on the market for. Beef, pork, fish or tofu... you name it, they have it. I went for the seafood soup which had mussels and clam which were served in the shell, fish balls and shrimp. For $8.50 there's a really good amount of fish in there and the fish balls were pretty tasty!  Dinner for two came to $24. Can't say fairer than that for a quick, post work meal.
4 Very good hole in the wall type eatery! Service is quick and no frills, but you get all the trimmings on your table (chilli sauce, greens etc).  I had the roasted pork and shrimp hand pulled noodles, and let me tell you, they were phenomenal. The noodles themselves were the perfect texture. Great bite and a little chewy. The toppings and sauce were decent too.  My girlfriend had the seafood hand pulled noodle soup and again it was very tasty. Comes with a choice of beef or seafood broth.  Portion size is large, but honestly it was so good I could definitely have put away another plate!
5 Don't let the appearance of the place spook you - it's small and cramped and definitely no-frills, but the simple noodle dish I had - pan-fried shredded pork chop noodles, was  a large portion of flavorful pork and vegetables served in tender hand-pulled noodles. Not at all greasy, and a really good value.
5 One of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. Always yummy. Pulled noodles are delicious and fun to watch bring prepared. Bring your kids to watch!
5 Amazing. You choose your noodles (dry or soup), then type of noodkes. Got the dry knife cut noodles with beef. Noodles were perfect, not too hard n not too mushy. Served with a light body but flavorful sauce, some sort if green veg, n small strips of beef. $8.75. only cash accepted. Its on a tiny curvy street, which is next to tea parlor (another great restaurant) n china town icecream factory (which is amazing as well).
4 3.5 stars. We got dumplings (steamed and pan-fried) as well as knife-peeled pan-fried noodles w/ beef. The steamed dumplings were better than the pan-fried ones, which could've been fried longer imo. But the dumplings were so good that we got a second order of 6 pieces *yum*. The noodles were delicious as well, just the right chewy-ness in the texture (tip: eat with the chili oil).   The place is small, with tables and chairs crammed together to make room, so it's a true hole in the wall. Water is provided and food is served quickly, so no complaints there. The only complaint I do have is the way they handle frozen dumplings - I saw with my own eyes that they picked the dumplings individually out of the freezer and threw them into a brown paper bag with their bare hands. Unsanitary much? I know we'd have to boil the dumplings anyway but still... so I doubt I'll get frozen dumplings from here again (it's $4.50 for 10 pieces, not a bad deal).
4 This is a tiny hole-in-the-wall place on the corner of Bowry and Doyers.  The noodles are outstanding and you can see them being made in real time.  Broth is excellent.  The non-noodle dishes are good but not great.  If you do not want to eat noodle dishes, go someplace else.  If you want the best noodles around, come here.  Cash only.  Mediocre service.
4 Rave about Guy Fieri review from his show.  Decided to go try their hand pull noodles.    Very small hold on a wall place with a few tables.  We ordered their #1 ox tail (2 pieces) very thin , beef tendon (2 pieces), beef tripe(1 piece), beef ( more of it), fried egg.  Lots of noodles and wish there were more veggies. Portion was big. Noodles were good in texture. Broth was flavorful and not too overpowering with spice and salt.  Steam pork and vegetable. So good with their sweet soy sauce and chilli sauce.  Finally steam dumplings with no chives!!!.    Not much service and we didn't expect it. But we appreciated their thoughtfulness in offering us extra bowls and a scissor as they know were sharing.   For that we gave extra tip. Will return back for their fried hand pull noodles and other offers.
5 Amazing find...tiny, gritty little place with friendly people and handmade noodles that are perfect...cooked perfectly, great flavor take out or a few tables to eat in.
4 The food was off the hook. I thoroughly enjoyed my hand pulled noodles with beef. The veggies were cooked perfectly and the noodles were absolutely incredible. Watching the guy handtoss the noodles was fascinating and entertaining. The establishment is small and crowded (only reason I didn't give them a five star review). The sauces on the table were excellent and only added to the incredible taste of the dish. Thank you yelpers for a great reviews that led me here.
4 I just randomly walked in here with my family and it turned out to be a pretty popular spot. The place is small but you can also see the worker pulling the noodles in the kitchen. I got the beef noodle soup and the noodles were amazing but the meat the soup was lacking some flavor. Overall it was a good experience and I would come back.
4 Great noodle dishes! Always my go-to comfort food on a rainy day. Don't hesitate to add some spice and enjoy :).
4 If you are looking for something fancy, this isn't the place. Its a small, hole in the wall that uses plastic cups and plates BUT the food is delicious and cheap. It has great quantities and the staff is friendly and quick. Delicious!!!
4 Crazy small joint.  Food is fast,  cheap and delicious.  We were able to eat inside at a table and watch the man make our noodles. Four of us shared two  soup bowls.  The waitress wasn't friendly but we weren't there for the service. It was easy to find using Google Maps.
5 super small tho we got there around 3 so there wasn't a wait. food is super cheap and good!! would def come again
5 This tiny restaurant should not be overlooked. They offer multiple fresh noodle dishes that cheap and filling. For $7 you can get a bowl of freshly pulled noodles, veggies, slices of beef brisket in a light tasty broth. Don't forget to add chili oil and chopped cilantro from the containers at each table. The baby bok choy and pan fried dumplings are good sides as well if you're looking for more food.
4 The food was great! The first hostess was not too nice but thankfully there was another girl that came in to work when we arrived. She was way nicer and very helpful. She helped with explaining the menu and seated us in their basement.  The food is delicious! even though the place looks rough. I will definitely visit again.
5 Ok, so you walk in and it looks like a hole in the wall. But I can attest to the fact that their noodles are hand-pulled (you can see them making it through the kitchen doorway next to the counter).  My favorite is #48, the house special hand-pulled noodle soup. It is a big hearty bowl of delicious noodles served with oxtail, tripe, beef, veggies, and a fried egg.  I've also had their knife peeled noodles, which is good but definitely not as good as the hand-pulled noodles.
5 Soo good and soo fast!! The restaurant is quite small, so once you are seated, try not to get back up! The menu is very easy to read - noodle soups, fried noodles and fried rice. The back side tells about the different options for noodles - handpulled, knife cut..  My sister and I split a beef noodle soup with knife cut noodles. The beef was soft, the noodles were chewy and they added fresh bok choy to the soup. The broth base was delicious - savory and hot! They have a small container of cilantro and hot sauce to add to your noodles.  Delicious! Afterwards, we decided to split a plate of veggie fried noodles. They were your standard noodles, fried with veggies in a little too much oil.   Would definitely come back for the beef noodles!
5 dank nudes  this is the best noodle plave ever  get knife pulled hp with mad cilantro and sauce do ittttt do it the table sauce its on the table
4 When my boyfriend and I visited Taipei, our last meal before the flight home was this heavenly bowl of beef stew knife-cut noodles, eaten on a stool, sweating our skin off, in this tiny hole-in-the-wall with way more customers over the allowable fire hazard. Since then, I've been on a perpetual hunt for that same great bowl of beef stew noodles but very few places offer that particular knife-cut version. Yes. I'm a snob about my noodles.   Tasty Hand-Pulled stands out among its cheap eats brethren for having a relatively nicer atmosphere. Indeed, while the chopsticks and forks remain depressingly disposable, the bowls are ceramic and the overall ambiance just looks a little more spruced up and cleaner. Sometimes it just feels nice not to eat out of a white disposable bowl.   For me, there is one and only one thing to order off the menu: the beef stew noodles. The noodles are exactly the kind I grudgingly left behind in Taipei - thick-cut, very chewy (almost like Korean potato noodles if you've tried those).   The beef is in perfectly cubed chunks and fall apart at the slightest prod of your chopsticks. I will say though that my friend was a little grossed out by all the tendon and connective tissue holding these babies together. I, on the other hand, slurped them up with aplomb. Gotta get my collagen in. I also loved all the toppings in the bowl (pickled cabbage) and the bucket of chopped cilantro on each table. You'll have to ask for the house-made chili sauce, though.   The lamb noodle dish had too much of that gamey funk for me to enjoy it.   You can't go wrong with any of the appetizers: cold cucumber salad, sliced beef, seaweed salad. The dumplings are a little soggier and more dough-heavy than other places in Chinatown so I'd skip those.  NEXT TIME: fishball soup (not sure how it compares to Lam Zhou), roast duck noodle soup, oxtail noodle soup (saw this on someone else's table and felt compelled to ask what it was)
4 I'm living for all these hand pulled noodle places in NY. The noodles are undoubtedly more delicious in this city. I ordered the beef tendon noodle soup and the pork and veggie dumplings. The noodle soup wasn't as great as I was hoping for. I ordered the same thing at Lam Zhou Handmade Noodle and it was waaaay better there. The broth at this place was quite bland, although the noodles were still good. Now the dumplings, on the other hand, were absolutely delicious. One of the best dumplings I've had. Love their soy sauce for them too.   Despite the fact that the broth wasn't that great, the service was quick and there's no denying how good everything else was (noodles and dumplings).
3 I donno how this place becomes a lot ppls go to place for hand pull noodle..maybe coz Food Network promotion? To me the noodle is over cooked, maybe it's just one time but if noodle is the restaurant name it should be consistently good..
4 Very authentic hand-pulled noodles and delicious broth. The menu is very extensive, so everyone is bound to find something they like.  I came with a party of 4 and were seated in the basement. Very dingy down there. Not somewhere you would go for great ambiance, but if you want delicious food, you won't be disappointed.
5 A cute hole in the whole with amazing hand pulled noodles. We ordered pickled cucumbers for appetizers which were very refreshing. Then we got one noodle beef soup and a roast pork pan fried dish. For this price, it can't be beat. Seating is tight but the food comes out very quickly. This is why Chinatown is amazing.
5 We saw this place had a 4.5 and we were going into Chinatown and Soho. It was a trek from the subway but it was all worth it. The owner who was our waitress helped us with our first experience selecting. Wow!  We were not disappointed. Everything was fresh and delicious. This a spot I would recommend.
5 Really good tea served at the table. Loved the beef noodle soup with the special knife cut noodles. Pork fried dumplings were also very good. Tasted great. Loved the service.
5 Tremendous! Everything you expect from a 4.5 star place in Chinatown.  My wife was very skeptical as we approached the exterior.  By the time we left she was amazed by how good the food was.
5 Tasty Hand Pulled Noodles was a contingency plan when another place was closed. Boy am I glad it was!  It looks like a hole in the wall, but the pictures of Guy Fieri and the Zagat stickers drew us in, however reluctantly. At first, they tried to make one of my party of 5 sit on a blue backless stool. We quickly resolved that situation, gave our order, and soon the noodles were coming out.  The noodles came out one by one, which indicated to me that they were really cooking them as we ordered -- nothing came out at once, and everything looked fresh and hot. We all ordered pan fried noodles, which were all delicious. The menu promises that all dishes come with vegetables included. I appreciated that they made it explicit on the menu, and indeed each of our noodle dishes contained large quantities of fresh stir fried veggies with meat and noodles. The noodles themselves were the star. Behind us we could hear and see chefs in the kitchen stretching the noodles and smacking them down against the counter. In each dish you get your choice of noodle type. I picked the knife peeled noodles because they looked cool, but I don't think it really matters what kind you choose.  The flavors were also very good (albeit hard to pin down). My plate was somewhat greasy, but deliciously so, temptingly so. We all chose different meats, and all were good -- even the shrimp, which can sometimes (I find) be hit or miss at Chinese restaurants. Honestly, I didn't even feel that the meat added all that much. Noodles were the star.  From the perspective of condiments -- the table had both sriracha and another jar of hot sauce that was smoky and tasty. There was also cilantro at the table, for those of us who wanted to partake in extra greenery, some unnamed vinegar, and soy sauce. Ample choices for doctoring up your flavors.  All in all a complete and utter win. For 5, the bill came to $61, not including tip. While the ambiance may not be traditionally high end, everything about this place is quality and I would 100% return next time I'm in New York.  Cash only.
4 In my personal ranking of NYC noodles, this experience was definitely near the top. We ordered the knife cut noodles with roast pork. Noodles were cooked perfectly. Nice chew to them. Pork and veg were tasty. They have a great chili oil that I mixed with black vinegar and a dash of soy sauce to dip some of the noodles. Staff was quick and friendly. Prices were great for the quality. Felt a little cramped at times but who can complain with the quality you get for such a low price !
5 I am going to bring a sleeping bag next time. Felt like going to sleep immediately after eating all of this yummy delicious food. I have serious -itis and a new love for tasty noodle!! Food was delish!!
5 No wait at noon, delicious noodles and roast pork? All about this place. Staff was very polite and efficient, and the pan fried noodles with roast pork was exactly what I wanted.
3 Bought few pancakes different variety to try, taste was ok and reasonably priced. I also bought their frozen dumplings which I think is a little expensive. Menu stated 50 frozen dumplings and some reviews mentioned 30 but what I got was 25 pieces. They either should have update the menu or inform customers ahead. I know due to pandemic, almost everything  increased in prices and I would agree and understand. But in just about 2 weeks or less with no updates whatsoever is not acceptable. Dumpling tastes average. Most likely will not be back.
4 Although I wasn't planning on coming here for lunch, I'm so glad that my change of plans led me to Vanessa's! I've been wanting to try Vanessa's for quite some time but never actually made it here until now. I stopped by on a Saturday around 2:30pm and there are a few people waiting inside and outside for their orders. I scan the QR code on my phone and place my order online. We ordered 8-piece Vegetable Boiled Dumplings (~$7), 8-piece Shrimp Boiled Dumplings (~$7), Basil Chicken Fried Dumplings - Whole Order (~$6), and Spicy Beef Dumplings (~$7). I probably waited about 20 minutes or so, which wasn't too bad considering the amount of people waiting. They are only doing to-go orders right now and although they package it well, I highly recommend eating it as soon as you get it. The dumplings are made fresh, and you can really tell! They were good quality and with the soy sauce, it was delicious *chef's kiss*. Especially on the cold day that it was. I have to say my favorites were the Basil Chicken Fried Dumplings and Spicy Beef Dumplings. Both the chicken and beef had great seasoning and were super satisfying. The Shrimp Boiled Dumplings & Vegetable Boiled Dumplings were pretty average, in my opinion. The shrimp was plentiful but there was not other flavor aside from shrimp. I think even some chives would have made a big difference. Honestly, shared between two people, the portion was solid! We actually had a bunch leftover so I think 3 people can share these 4 orders (obviously depending on your hunger level). Vanessa's is serving up some delicious dumplings! There is so much good food in the Chinatown area, and Vanessa's Dumplings is definitely on that list! I highly recommend checking them out.
5 I  Vanessa's!!!! It's right by my new office so I will be getting food here often. I got the pork dumplings and kimchi. Some of the best Kimchi I've ever had!
1 I know we are in a pandemic and restaurants are struggling but to raise the prices by 100% is ridiculous. The dumplings are now $5 per order which it use to be like $2.50 prior to pandemic! The price is just outrageous since I can buy a whole bag of dumplings from the supermarket for $5.99 for at least 30 dumplings. One order only had like a hand full of dumplings and the quality definitely went down. It was so salty that it wasn't edible and the skin of dumplings was way too thick. It was a waste of money. The quality definitely went down and they probably hired non-chefs  to do all the grunt work. The food used to be made by the owner years ago, and the food was so good and price was such a good deal. Now there's no reason for me to go back anymore. Very sad to see business become so successful that their quality goes down and their price continue to go up? They obviously don't care about the dumplings anymore,  just want to make money. The quality definitely not what it use to be. :(
4 Had the spicy beef dumplings and shrimp dumplings in soup.  Very tasty and affordable fare.
5 Edit: this is for the UWS location  I'm so excited by the new dumpling spots here! I ordered Beef Dan dan mian, which was delicious and definitely spicy. The sweet and sour cucumbers were a good pairing, though the vinegar was very strong--it had a much stronger bite than day the cucumbers you would get at Din Tai Fung. Their noodles are homemade and perfectly chewy, and I look forward to trying the dumplings and steamed buns!
1 Maybe the food is good, but I wouldn't know since I threw it out and requested a refund after I went to pick my order up and a man that worked there came out from the kitchen, walked by me, pulled down his mask, and began to FLOSS HIS TEETH (like full hands in the mouth). I asked him to stop bc I was horrified and he either ignored me or didn't hear me so I said something to the woman behind the counter and she yelled at him to go floss in the bathroom. Pandemic or not, that is utterly disgusting and unsanitary. I have been trying to write really positive reviews on here to help support the industry and it pains me to write something negative, but if there are lapses in sanitary practices -- especially now -- it needs to be addressed. It also ruined my dinner on every level.
5 Love the veggie dumplings and veggie pancake.  Nice for a quick bite in Chinatown and with affordable prices.
5 Came here a few days ago, the dumplings here are amazing 5/5! But the sesame pancake with peking duck is the must try! I've never had duck before trying this, I gave it a shot because why not! And I don't regret it one bit! It's a busy place so if you can order online to make it easier for the staff! It's cash only and a minimal $15 purchase if you want to pay with card!
5 Dumplings were amazing. I was worried about the dough being too thick but it was perfect. The pork and chives dumpling was almost worth dying for. Lol I would suggest picking up different stuff and maybe going to a park and having it picnic style. A lil hard right now considering the weather but try to eat it as soon as you get it.
4 Vanessa's is good, we got pork and chive dumplings and my friend raved about the duck pancake. Portions sizes were good, not the best dumplings I've ever had, but definitely a solid meal.
5 The dumplings are great, but the sesame pancake sandwich with peking duck is really what you want. And it's only $6!
5 The true reason I gave Vanessa's 5 stars is not just because of its notoriety in the city but more for its wonderfully simple yet savory Sesame Pancake Sandwiches. What a fantastic (and filling!) meal, perfect for a weekday lunch!  Ordered the dumplings as well, which are done really well. Flavors are perfect and you really couldn't ask for more when dipped in the sauce they provide. The steamed pork bun (bola bola siopao as we'd call it back home) was superb and took me back to my childhood breakfast of choice.   No outdoor dining. I wish they had an upper Manhattan location but since they don't I have to pick it up in Chinatown and bring it uptown to eat. Worth the trip and the wait though!
5 The best dumplings in the city. The service is quick and literally everything on the menu is amazing. If you want great food at an amazing price come here.
3 Ordered the chicken basil and shrimp dumplings to go. The packaging was nice and it came with directions and the dumplings were affordable at around 30 dumplings for $12-14. The dumplings had a nice wrapper. The chicken basil was good until there was a tiny hard piece. The shrimp was chopped/mushy and had a fishy taste.   I stopped next door and got a bag of dumplings to compare since people rave about those.
2 The customer service at this place was terrible. The lady threw my food and money on the counter. They also did not give me my right order. They gave me pork dumplings when I ordered shrimp and messed my order. I only give it 2 stars because the smoothie was decent but this place sucks!!!!
5 This place is amazing! We tried some of the most popular items on the m eh based off of several of hundred of reviews and we were not disappointed. The dumplings seem to all be amazing but the pork and chives was by far the best!! Excellent flavor combination. The duck pancake was also delicious and very light! The boiled wontons in the spicy sauce was my wife's favorite, as it had a nice kick to it. They have a lot of options on the menu but definitely go for the dumplings
1 What is this Vanessa? I thought I ordered chive and pork pan fried dumplings. This looks oily and undone.
5 From the outside it looks like your basic Dumplings establishment however, once you walk through the doors you are taken back to an old school style Dumpling Spot. EVERYTHING IS AMAZING !!! The Sesame Pancake Sandwiches are a MUST.
1 I had the sesame beef sandwich and two hours later, I was vomiting and having diarrhea for the next 6 hours. I got food poisoning. I know it's tough in the restaurant business right now with COVID but you do not feed people spoiled meet. I used to come here all the time but no more! Time to find another dumpling place!
3 Vanessas is super popular but as a picky Chinese eater, I think their food is very bad. The dumplings are overly greasy, not authentic and catered toward a Caucasian palette. There is also a pretty high carb to meat ratio. The place itself is kind of old and a little grungy, and because so many people love to come here, it's extremely crowded and chaotic at lunch time. I would instead venture to Shu Jiao next door which has some of the best dumplings I've had in New York, and is even cheaper (but similarly ghetto).
5 I have an obsession with Vanessa's dumpling house. I come here embarrassingly often. Pre COVID they were always packed to the brim with people and it took some time to order and eat. Now they don't have any seating and lines are shorter but rest assured they are still as tasty as always!   I always get the spicy wontons (pork and shrimp). It is incredibly flavorful and has a great amount of stuffing. Have a bottle of water prepared though, it is quite spicy.  I also always get the sesame pancake with beef. It is full of veggies and very filling. Pro tip: it also saves well in the fridge so I sometimes buy an extra one and heat it up for lunch the next day.   I've also tried their beef noodle soup and their other dumplings which are both good but not too special compared to the wontons and sesame pancakes. I dream about their wontons and pancakes all the time. Can't wait to be back!
5 Delicious hand-pulled noodles with amazing smashed sesame sauce and incredible beef soup that is really stick to your ribs!!  Go, get a bag of stuff, and walk out without spending $$$!!
3 6.8/10  fried dumplings: quality not consistent, one batch had a nice sear and the other had non sear at all (refer to picture); decent crisp (on the one with sear), but could certainly be better; the filling was too heavy on chives, very little pork; relatively heavy on oil as well, had to dump oil before taking second bite of every dumpling; above average dough; overall, not a terrible dumpling, decent flavor, but can certainly use some quality control and be more generous with the pork (although understandable due to times we're living in)
3 There is a saying about dating, "I'm not embarrassed by the number of men I've been with. I am, obviously, embarrassed by the quality."  This applies to Vanessa's perfectly - its only redemption is that you get a lot of food for a cheap, but nothing is particularly good. More often than not, I'll find myself eight dumplings in before I stop and wonder, "Is this a feeble attempt to fill the void with something meaningless to protect myself from feeling anything???"   Most notably, the dumpling skins are thick and tough, probably made that way so they can withstand being mass produced without any particular care.   But the one bright spot are the sesame pancakes. (Hold the cucumber if you can, the moisture seeps into the pancake and makes it feel like you're eating a wet, loose sponge.) It's crispy and oily and yummy. The rare "he looks cute in pictures AND in person" of food items on Vanessa's menu.
4 I was told these are the best dumplings in the city and my oh my are they good. You can also get a bag of 25 to take home with you (frozen) so you can boil/fry on your own. Awesome. Get the shrimp ones, you won't be sorry.
5 Super delicious dumplings and bok choy, can't go wrong with Vanessa's!Pork and Chive Dumplings
2 To be honest this place is overrated. I ordered the pan fried chives and pork dumpling. Not flavorful. It was okay. When the skin gets cold, it's very hard to chew.  The sesame pancake is mediocre. You get the fragrance of sesame because there is so much on it. There is scallion in the middle. But there is not much taste. Maybe alittle bit more salt might help.  Also ordered the spicy chicken and shrimp wonton for my brother. All he said was it was an acquired taste. The spice is good but the combination was odd in taste.   Hot and sour soup is better than most dumpling places. It has its kick of sour and hot.   All this came to about $19 bucks which is fairly expensive. I would be paying half this amount at other places which does have tastier dumplings.  Staff is busy and not very attentive nor nice. Not even a hello or anything. Just basically " what you order?" Oh well. I can pass on this place.
5 Everytime I come to NYC and I crave dumplings..... Vanessa's dumplings hits the spot. If you can tolerate spice, the wonton in chili oil is a must! Went there this past weekend and they had a pretty good system of taking orders despite Covid restrictions. Don't think I would do dine in though.
4 Quick, affordable, delicious dumplings. I do remember them being better (I had it last 3 years ago) but maybe it's the difference between takeout and dine in.
5 My favoritttteeee dumplings. Sooo good and they have frozen ones you can take home and make later! This place is also amazing because it is so affordable. You can order the whole menu and not break the bank, I love it. As someone who has moved away from New York, I can say I truly miss quality dumplings like Vanessa's
4 I was craving dumplings so I decided to give vanessas a try and the dumplings were so delicious! My boyfriend and I decided to try different types of dumplings they had and my favorite was the shrimp wontons (spicy). The Beijing duck scallion pancakes were so good too.
4 Had to stop by and try these famous dumplings. It was super crowded but the line moved fast and somehow we found a spot to eat (pre-covid time). We got the dumplings and the Peking duck. Wow, I didn't think I'd ever like duck but this was awesome. Wish I lived closer or I'd be here all the time. Four stars just because I wish it was less crowded and could make for a better experience overall. Great for takeout or to go.
2 An underwhelming dumpling experience. Save your coin and support North Dumpling, King's, or C & L. All are better and get less foot traffic.
4 Love the pancake sandwiches! Messy and quite big so I recommend coming with a friend and sharing this with some dumplings. The spicy wontons and fried pork & chive dumplings are classics and very very good. Cheap and filling and perfect for cold days.
3 Craving for dumplings yesterday, so we stopped by lower east side for some old good dumplings. I can say, I've had better, but for the price? This place is good enough. It was ready, waiting for us when we picked up and still hot enough. The pork and chive dumplings were the tastiest; the chicken and basil were hardly discernible, meaning I couldn't tell if there were basil in it and I love the taste of basil. We got fried wonton with spicy sauce. Again, the only thing I tasted was the spicy chili which asked for taro bubble tea and Gong Cha was nearby. Anyhoo, I might still go back for the pork and chives.
4 Really good dumplings. We got the boiled shrimp and the boiled chicken basil dumplings with the spicy oil topping. Extremely delicious and filling. Highly recommend. Giving 4 stars based on service which was lacking in politeness.
4 Delivered pork boiled dumplings and pan seared, all pork and they were good! Good price too. They are def homemade given the shape of the dumpling. Small thing to improve would be the pasta on the dumpling seal place, too much too thick. Pork filling tasty and fresh
4 Ordered the sesame pancake with beef ($4) & some fried dumplings ($5). From what I hear they raised their prices significantly (dumplings used to be $1-2).   I loved the sesame pancake. I really liked that they toasted the pancake as it gave a nice toasted sesame taste, as well as crunch. The beef was soft but a bit bland in flavor, I think adding hoisin and sriracha would complete the taste. The pickled carrots and veg were perfect, not too acidic or sweet, and rounded out the pancake perfectly.   The dumplings were alright, they had a good crisp to it but the pork filling was a bit mushy & not my type of texture.
5 Three words: Take my money. Holy crap I was craving for some dumplings so bad and I had always wanted to try Vanessa's. We had gotten the spicy shrimp and chicken dumplings, chicken fried dumplings and pork and chives steamed dumplings. All were super delicious but the winner was the one in the spicy sauce. I cannot express how amazing these tasted. So much flavor bursted in my mouth and wow. I was sad that it was over before i knew it. The only downfall was that the portion is kind of small for the price but overall it was worth it. Whatever Vanessa puts in these dumplings is amazing. I will be back to try more next time
2 I used to get Vanessa's often from the Williamsburg location and wanted to fulfill my cravings because I've never been to the Chinatown spot, assuming it would be better (it's the original location).  I ended up waiting 35 min for my order outside and also they increased prices (I understand because of hard times); they should have updated their menus with the new prices because a meal that should have costed $23 from their old menu was $35 (before tip..with tip was $41).  Pork and Chives Dumplings that were $2 are now $5 for example.  There were about 4 people in the kitchen and when I peeked in after 15 min they were just standing around not cooking anything.  The food was not as good as I remembered (from the Williamsburg spot) and we both had stomach aches after.  Won't be coming back to this location :/
1 Worst service! Completely ignore who order first. When asked about it, they just said it will be 2 mins, still gave the same food to two people ordered after me.
4 First time being here , for the chive dumplings in boiled and fried. Fried one always tastes better of course. I also got the sesame pancake. It was tasteless unless you dip it into soy sauce. I actually saved the other half and sprinkled salt on it when I got home and it tasted so much bwtter
5 Got the dumplings both fried and steamed and they were superb!!!! Omg I can't wait to order again
2 Came back to give it another try. The fried pork and chives dumplings were crispy on the outside BUT where's the filling? Cost: 8 for $5.00, WOW! Go to Kings Dumpling on Allen and Hester St. or North Dumpling on Essex St and Hester St.
2 Not tasty, very overrated. I got the fried dumplings and beef pancake sandwich.   The dumpling skin was so thick, dry, and hard to chew. No very fresh. They didn't have Sriracha or hot oil to go with it. Very disappointed, don't understand how the rating is so high here.   Similarly, the pancakes did not seem fresh either. Very hard to chew, greasy, and cold. Flavorless. Need sriracha to save it.   Note- the prices on yelp is inaccurate. They sell 8 pieces for $5.
4 Dumplings were ok , but what you want to try is there sesame seed pancakes , we ordered pork sesame seed pancake and we also ordered the spicy wontons, boiled pork dumpling and fried  pork dumpling. The fried and boiled dumplings did not stand out me , but the spicy wontons were delicious , makes a perfect combination with the sesame seed pancake . I will go back for those two for sure.
5 very tasty .... packed flavors . i really enjoyed dan dan noodles .. and the fried dumplings with spicy sauce . dumpling wrappers are thin and decent size lots of good flavors . i like spicy food and i'm glad i ordered from this place . delivery was bit late but food was awesome !!! i would def repeat
5 Wow. I LOVED their spicy wontons( both chicken & shrimp, and spinach & mushrooms)!  The spicy oil with scallions was delicious.  All the ingredients were fresh.  We also tried other boiled dumplings. Excellent.  For drinks, we tried the iced-lemon tea( no sweetener) and iced-coffee, and yes, they were very good.
3 3.25/5 Visited on a Saturday for an early dinner around 5pm (before quarantine). The place was pretty busy even though it was an off hours. There's a 4 large tables w/ 6 chairs each and some bench seating. It's a good aount of space but even then we had to fight a bit to snag a spot. Service is alright. Not too friendly but got the job done. The food is authentic but fairly average. However, it is also very cheap and filling.   For our meal we got the following: 1) Chive Pork Fried Dumpling: Decent chunk of filling but flavorwise just alright. Skin is thick. And it's "fried" but you don't really get much texture. It's more like a stale-ish bite (3.25/5) 2) Basil Chicken Fried Dumplings: Same as above. A bit more flavorful but not my preferred type of filling. (3.5/5) 3) Duck Pancake: A decent amount of duck and the duck has flavor but the bread portion is just so thick that it washed out everything else. (3.5/5) 4) Wonton w/ Spicy Sauce: The most decent item of the visit (4.25/5) 5) Chive Egg Pancake: Lots of filling though exterior is a bit floppy (3.75/5) 6) Noodle w/ Mashed Sesame: A little bland but I do love the nutty sesame sauce. I went home and spruced it up a bit and it was decent (3.5/5)  Overall, the food here isn't bad. It's definitely cheap, filling, and authentic. But I would rather make my own dumplings or just spend a couple extra bucks for a more flavorful spot. It's a good quick eats option but not something I'll seek out again.
4 One of the older shops in Chinatown and definitely a place worth your trip.The price for the authentic homemade dumpling that are sold here are also at a reasonable price. But if you want to some and try the dumpling you should be prepared to wait since this is a very popular store.  I recommend you to give this place a try, bring some of your friends and get some dumplings to take out. It would be worth your money and your time.
4 One of the rare Chinatown places that aren't just hype and/or americanized. Def affordable, and delicious as well. Can't really go wrong with a meal that could cost less than $5... Take out is preferable since the seating is minimal and always crowded, and the tables aren't wiped down as frequently as I would like. A staple when I come down to Chinatown, for sure!
5 THE BEST DUMPLINGS EVR !!!! and SO cheap too . great soup also . the space itself is quite small, we had to wait for other customers to leave to quickly scramble for a seat but i enjoyed the intimate setting of it all . they get your food out pretty quick which is nice ! and they have such good smoothies and tea too . big portions for the price .
3 Way too many options! I was overwhelmed... I definitely recommend picking up rather than eating there since seating can be full, and there doesn't seem to be a/c. Also, it might help to speak their native language, it seemed like there was a bit of a language barrier.
5 Dumplings to die for... short line, quick service, high quality. 10/10 would recommend.
2 Foodie Judy here!!  To make a long review short, Foodie Judy had to add sriracha to her dumplings, and a fan of sriracha, ,Foodie Judy is not !  There are no fried veggie dumplings options :-( so Foodie Judy ordered boiled dumplings. The dough was a bit too chewy for this gal and the filling, pardon me y'all, really had no flavor. I added sriracha as a Hail Mary, but Mary must have been too busy to come save my dumplings hehe XD  The steamed bun was a better experience. Had to add sriracha to the bun for flavor too, but this time Mary came around and the bun tasted good!!!  I do declare,  if I am already strolling around in the area , I may consider stopping by for another bun. The prices cannot be beat !!!
2 Meh. I think Vanessa's dumpling was probably better before all of the hype. We came after dinner because we were still hungry. We ordered the wonton w/ spicy sauce, chive & pork, and a sesame pancake with Peking duck.  Wonton w/ spicy sauce - Only had one filling which was chicken. Traditionally wonton is made with pork and shrimp. The chicken had a weird taste and texture. On top of that, they dumped a ton of pepper flakes over it so it was so spicy that it was pretty much inedible.   Chive & pork - These were just okay, nothing special and for the price, I rather go to an authentic hole in the wall spot. They also only offered boiled instead of fried when we went since it was an hour before closing and they didn't want to open back up the stove to fry the dumplings.  Sesame pancake w/ Peking duck - This was pretty good. No complaints!  Probably won't be back as there are a ton of other places with better dumplings and better prices.
2 This place used to my go to for a quick and simple snack. However I feel like their service is getting worse. Took me way longer than normal to get a food where it can be made within few minutes. Just a simple piece of sesame pancake with nothing in there took me about 35 minutes to get.
5 Old neighborhood, standby.  A lot has changed in the LES, but Vanessa's hasn't. Delicious food at extremely reasonable prices.
3 Serves up tasty, large dumplings that are reasonably priced, but the hype is unfortunately overrated. The dumpling wrapping is too thick, and although the insides are generously portioned, they lack seasoning, making them taste almost bland. I usually strongly prefer boiled dumplings over fried, but the fried dumplings here were muchhh better than their boiled counterparts. The fried pork bun was by far our favorite dish, surprisingly filling yet not overly salty or heavy. The biggest disappoint was the dry red bean bun.  Also, for anyone peanut allergic: they fry in veggie oil, so dumplings are all safe. They have a few dishes containing peanuts which are clearly stated on a sheet at the register.   Recommend: either of the fried pork dumplings (yum) or fried pork buns (yummm) Skip: shrimp dumplings (taste fresh but bland), veggie dumplings (bland), red bean bun (dry)
4 Straight forward dumpling house. Pretty good! No frills. Proportions are generous for the price.
5 Doesn't look like much when you walk by but it's a 5 star dumpling house for reals.  Get the dumplings and get there before they close, which is early for NYC.  I got there right smack at 1029 and was able to order all the veggie dumplings they had in stock which was all of 1 order of 8. So don't be late to this affordable deliciousness!!  And make sure to actually order dumplings. For the sake of Buddha, if it says dumpling house in the name of the restaurant then order dumplings, not noodles.  Get noodles from a noodle house!!
5 I recently have been into dumplings and so was really excited to see what Vanessa's Dumpling was all about! It's a small restaurant and it was very crowded when we went. The food smelt soo good I was super excited to taste it.   The home-made dumplings are SO GOOD!  Fried Dumplings Cabbage and Pork: These dumplings were filled with a good amount of meat. The dough was crispy, but also a little thicker than the ones I had before. With a little soy sauce and sriracha, the dumpling was perfect!  Boiled Dumplings Cabbage and Pork: When i first saw the dumplings, it looked really soft and tasteless so I was not sure if we should have ordered the boiled dumplings. Then on the first bite into the dumplings it was SO JUICY inside!! It was not doughy like I thought. In fact, it was pretty thin layer of dough around the meat.   Sesame Pancake with Roasted Beef: The sesame pancake was so fresh and crispy! It was a very neat way of a sandwich. If you love sesame and crispy sandwiches you will not be disappointed with this!  Would definitely recommend!
2 No. Just no. For a business that's been around at least 10 years, you should have mastered packaging by now. The amount of single use plastic here is absurd. The stars aren't about the food- that was good; especially the pork fried buns. But there are plenty of food reviews here. What needs attention is the lack of sustainability. This city is less than a month away from a plastic bag ban. Do better.
4 This place is a hidden gem just outside of Chinatown. We ordered the cheapest and biggest dumplings New York has to offer. You won't be disappointed by the quality and size of the food as it is a perfect size/$ ratio. You could feed a small family for $20 worth of dumplings.   The only reason why I rated this a 4 was that my order took a while to receive and that the place is overly crowded because there are so many people and no organized seating
1 Slow. Slow. Slow.  This place has jumped the shark. It used to be a great place where you could get a delicious cheap sandwich quickly. It didn't matter that it was pretty dirty and the employees were rude, because the fast yummy food was worth it. Yesterday we ordered three sandwiches and it took about 25 minutes to get them. They were below average, cold, not much meat or vegetables, just bleh.  The problem with paying first of course is you can't just walk out when you're sick of waiting for an average sandwich that was supposed to take five minutes not 25 minutes. And as you stand there waiting, thinking "this was a mistake, but I'm trapped because I cannot leave since I paid for it already" you will decide to write a review to spare the next person from an unnecessarily annoying experience.
1 The dumplings were okay at best, but the reason for the one star rating is their slow service with no communication. We waited exactly 54 min (we checked our receipt for when we ordered) and by the time we got our food, most of it was already cold. Would not recommend.
5 Wow! The dumplings are so good and so cheap. 4 dumplings for $2. Everything I've tried has been great! The pork buns, sesame pancake, pork and chive fried dumplings. Take some frozen dumplings home for later if you can. Really a gem of a place
4 Wow, I can confirm the hype.  Vanessa offers some stellar dumplings (and sesame pancakes!).  I loved the pork and chive pan-fried dumplings.  The dough had a nice thick, chewiness, the pork filling was hearty and flavorful, and the dumpling dipping sauce was super tasty.  I also really enjoyed the kimche sesame pancake sandwich.  The sesame pancake was fluffy and the kimche had a nice crunch.  I can't wait until the Vanessa's on the UWS opens!
5 Fast service. You'll have to share seeating with strangers unless you are a large group. There's seven tables with 7 seats each. You'll have to seat yourself. Great for a quick bite of dumplings and sesame pancakes!
3 Clearly they don't need my money. I got one order of the duck sesame pancake and it took 15 mins to make. The worker were taking their sweet time making everything. So signs of urgency. Their prices has gone up too.
1 Oh no. I feel like I've watched something I love grow up and well, grow-- but also be tremendously sad that I can't love what they've become in the process. Stopped by for some pork and chive dumplings and after about 15 minutes of waiting, was served and can only sum up the  dumplings as the definition of "empty calories." Somehow these pillows of meat and noodle tasted like a bland bite of... nothing. Ate half the dumplings after dousing them in Sriracha and vinegar but even in an attempt to not waste the purchase, it hardly seemed worthwhile to eat something I wasn't enjoying.  I wanted to be excited about checking in on this old favorite but what used to be a cheap staple is now just kind of an expensive, forgettable chain.
2 If you come here looking for Chinese dumplings, you get a pass.  If you leave here thinking you ate Chinese dumplings, re-evaluate your understanding of food and take another look at the crowd.  And learn how to deep search yelp reviews.  "If you don't know, now you know." - Hakeem Jeffries (D-NY) via Biggie  Oh and the 2 stars is for actually making this a successful business...but not with my money.
2 Great dumplings, not so great "pancakes". EVERYTHING comes in quadruple plastic, they don't even have other options. So annoying.
2 We're visiting NYC and staying near Chinatown, so thought some dumplings would be in order. We were recommended Vanessa's. We went in expecting a very pared down setting, so that wasn't an issue. The prices were great, but unfortunately, the dumplings weren't. They sorely lacked flavour, but worse than that, the dumpling wrappers were just too thick and undercooked. We're pretty spoiled for dumplings in Sydney, where we're from, and are used to soft, delicate, almost translucent wrappers. These were more like very undercooked raviolis. We were hungry and in a hurry, so we ate them, but it was underwhelming.
4 You can't beat the price to quality/flavor ratio. Hand made and sooo good, the green ones are veggie, pink are chicken (not in photo), and spicY beef were soo good as well. Amazing price, filling and satisfying.
5 Did not disappoint! We had some pork fried buns, beef dumpling in spicy sauce, pork & chive dumplings, and pork & cabbage dumplings, the beef noodle soup and the Peking duck sesame pancake sandwich. The soup and the pork & cabbage fried dumplings were the best! Want to go back ASAP, but these assignments  aren't going to get done on their own!
3 This place consistently takes forever. I get there's a line, but there are aBout 5 other dumpling places in a 3 block radius selling the same qualify food. So This really isn't worth the wait.
5 The dumplings were great. Ate them in a matter of a seconds. I got the pork and chive dumplings as well as a scallion and egg sandwich. The wait was pretty long tbh... probably waited about 10+ minutes to get my food? Very crowded but we were an blue to get seats at one of the tables. Very happy with my meal and will be coming back to try more.
4 I ended up here at this location after finding out the other location was surprisingly closed on Fridays.  THIS PLACE IS GREAT!   Only a few tables and so you might have to wait. Came here with my girlfriend and we were lucky enough to snag a seat. The staff is nice, but this place gets loud and crowded and since lots of people got takeout too though, the door kept opening which allowed for a cold rush of air which was a bit annoying since we sat right by the door.  We got the peking duck scallion pancake which was great and only $5. that's insane. We got the dumplings on a whim too but they were SO GOOD. makes sense that those were super juicy, they are a dumpling house after all!
2 I had a craving for dumplings due to the cold New York weather. An okay place for dumplings. Price is reasonable for the quality. However, there are better dumpling houses in Chinatown. Interior design is New York City dirty back alley.   Negative marks:  -Beware of the restroom (there is only one that employees and patrons use): filthy, filled with a stench of 10,000 mothballs, and there is no soap. Imagine that the dumpling you are eating is half way in your mouth. Now picture the employee who prepared your dumpling who recently used the restroom without washing their hands because technically washing your hands with only water is not an excuse in a developed country. Stomach flu for one and one for all!  -the establishment does not accept credit cards as the Yelp review mistakenly states. Cash only. Perhaps to avoid paying taxes and cooking the books.  -staff are rude, impatient, and demanding.  Will be the first and the last visit.
5 Vanessas is seemingly always packed and rightfully so. They are dishing out cheap and delicious eats while folks line up and wait (somewhat) patiently for their order number to be called. We tried the fried chive dumplings, steamed spicy veggie dumplings and a roasted pork sandwich. So so so good - highly recommend a stop in here, just be prepared to wait and hunt down a seat.
3 Vanessa's is fine. Their dumplings are good and they have a chicken and corn soup that's very good, but it's not all that. There are far better and sometimes even cheaper dumpling places in both Chinatowns (in Manhattan and Queens), but Vanessa's gets a lot more hype than these other places.   We tried their spicy wontons and the sesame scallion pancake with beef today.  The wontons left a lot to be desired, but the beef pancake was pretty good. I'd say it's worth a visit, because it's good enough, clean and pretty cheap, but I'd also suggest researching other lesser- known places which will probably be better.
4 Decided to try this spot after hearing relentless praise. We ordered the vegetable dumplings, seaweed salad, edamame and chicken/basil dumplings. The seaweed salad and edamame were the perfect addition to our dumplings; however, I must say I wasn't blown away by the dumplings themselves. The chicken and basil was superior to the vegetable ones, although they both tasted greatly of dough and not too much of the insides.
5 it's not even fair to expect so much of Vanessa's. I really like it cause I dig hole in the wall and classics, allow me to say. It's not fancy at all, of course it's gonna be packed and kinda dirty, the quality is not the finest. I'm not an expert or even grew up eating asian food so I can't say nothing, but I like the way they do their dumplings, the dough, the FREAKING AWESOME Sesame Pancake that's chewy, soft and crunchy on the outside. The Dumpling Soup and Pork/Chives dumplings are my to go. It's very cheap for the taste they provide and I always like the experience there, if that's even possible. Try the black vinegar that you'll probably think it's shoyu. Don't expect great service in here, it's pretty busy and being someone that worked a lot in restaurants I know that sometimes it gets in your nerves without you even noticing it. Do expect to eat somewhere else in the street cause you'll probably have to.There's tons of options of asian drinks too.  It's worth the visit. Cheap, tasty and authentic.
1 Truly pitiful effort here... Fried dumplings tasted extremely oily with not enough substance, noodles with bean sauce missed the mark entirely.
5 Best dumpling's in the game!!!!! Hands down these are the beat....next time I have to get a bag of the frozen knes
4 So we were in Chinatown and it heard good reviews about Vanessa's from a family member who lives in Queens who visits often.  He will was totally right.  It was super packed and we had to wait in line to place order.  We ordered the pork dumplings as well as the Dan Dan noodles.  The dumplings were perfect.  The skin not too thick not too thin.  Served with Chinese vinegar and chili oil.  The only bummer was that there was no seating inside as it was so crowded.  We tried the dumplings both fried and steamed.  Both were great.  I usually lean toward steamed but the fried were awesome, and the slight crispness on the outside and chewing us on the inside were a perfect combination for these dumplings.  You need to bring a little patience or time your arrival to avoid peak lunch time.  Despite eating it outside while standing it was great!  So many good dumpling places so it is hard to make a side-by-side comparison.  I am sure everyone has their favorite.
4 Solid dumplings and tasty soup but not eyes rolling, orgasmic at all. Just saying.  It's very good and the price is right.  I'd give it a 3.5 star rating if I could, but I'd rather go high than lowball- so 4 stars it is.  We ordered the 3 different kinds of fried dumplings. They gave us 2 orders pork & chive orders instead of one pork & chive and one of the pork and cabbage. So I cannot say anything about the pork and cabbage dumplings. The chicken & basil were really good. I liked them Better than the pork ( I never like the chicken better than the pork anywhere)  The duck noodle soup I ordered was very tasty.  My friend got the shrimp dumpling soup. It was good too.
5 Delicious and affordable. If you don't want to shove out 40 dollars on a hyped up dim sum place, come here instead!
3 Slightly Bitter to be honest. Okay maybe a little more than bitter. Came here with utter excitement! 2$ dumplings..sign me up! The fried dumplings are delish. But let me tell you I probably wouldn't have gotten them, if I didn't see the chef cooking them.   The cashier was fairly rude and when we were ordering she said she was out of everything except boiled dumplings and sesame pancake, and buns.. she really wanted to get rid of those because I said it 2x are you sure you have no fried dumplings.. she said no  We then order the boiled dumplings and the spicy sauce ones which were like 6.75$ each and as I'm waiting for my food.... guess what the chef is cooking?! The $2 fried dumplings. I then give her a smirk and say which ones are those.. she rolls her eyes and says the fried dumplings. Imlike umm yes let's order those.   Guess what! The boiled dumplings were so doughy and crappy and the fried ones were spectacular. I bet my bill would have been 4$ not 16$ if she didn't lie to me..  R U D E! If they say they are sold out...they are lying. They just wanna get rid of the sucky stuff.  Case closed
5 Best dumpling I've ever had not made at home! It takes me back to being a kid and having fresh dumplings. They have a few varieties of dumplings that you can get steamed, fried or in soup. I love the spicy beef and the chicken basil ones the best.   They also have sesame sandwiches and noodle bowls with dumplings but I've not had either as the dumplings are always filling for me and are exactly what I want and need.  I usually have to get 2 orders of dumplings to be full and when I come to the city I will get frozen ones go pack back home. They are such a steal price-wise and eat to pack and cook at home.
4 I get what everyone is saying who is not a fan--they do seem dough-y and I have had thinner skinned dumplings--We got a variety but the filings were good--was small and crowded, which I think adds to "hole in the wall vibe" when it doesn't really have to....but the fillings were good--we got some in soup which didn't have much taste but would have been good on a colder day.  Didn't really need it.
4 We've been here a few times, and we really enjoyed their fried dumplings and dumplings in soup. Their soup is really good that we almost always finish drinking all of it. My parents also liked their soup, too. Their dumplings are big in size for the low price. The chicken with basil and pork with chives are delicious both fried and in soup. We were not a big fan of their pancakes. It takes longer for them to make the dumpling in soup than the fried ones. They accept cash unless you spend over $15 then they will take credit cards.   Minus 1 star because if you go during rush hour times, it gets really hectic. Finding a spot to sit is like a battlefield. Everyone is fighting for the same spots and you're constantly eyeing to see who is going to leave soon. It's definitely one of those places where you go in and eat and then leave. It's not meant for sit-down to chit-chat. But still highly recommend it!
4 Vanessa, thank you for popping my dumpling cherry in NYC. TBH, dumplings are becoming one of my favorite foods. It's up there with pizza, donuts, and in-n-out cheeseburgers. And being a recent transplant from Los Angeles, we have quite a few amazing places in the SGV, so I was ecstatic when I discovered this place.  ORDER AND TRY EVERYTHING. As much as you can. It's cheap and you can take what you don't finish to-go. The pan fried pork buns are delicious as are the spicy pork dumplings (they're not too spicy). The veggie green dumplings make you feel healthy af even though you're chasing it with a fried pot sticker. But you know it's all about balance.  Seating is hard, but everyone sits next to each other. Make friends.
5 UPDATE: ok I dropped the ball up by ordering steamed dumplings my first time here 5yrs ago, hence my salty review. My world has since been rocked by ordering the right, less healthy thing - the amazing pan fried plump doughy dumplings. One of my favorite hole in the walls in the city. The Brooklyn location is way nicer and more of a vibe, but same dumplings and doesn't matter for take out. Get them pan fried, by this motto I abide.
4 Decent dumplings! Used to come here when visiting NY. Sesame pancake sand-which is delicious and so are the dumplings. Prices are very cheap and service quick. Although I feel their ingredients are cheap, they water down the siracha hot sauce, soy sauce and their shrimp dumplings have fish in them to take up some room inside the dumplings. Best place for great cheap eats, by wouldn't come here for high quality food. Hard to find places to sit so best to take it to go.
5 Goddamn amazing place. Jesus the wonton and chili sauce is straight out of Jesus' oven. Oh my god. They're pick up estimates are off but it is worth it. Nom nom.
4 Such amazing food for the price. Great ambience and everything we ate was delicious. Only wish they wiped down the tables time to time- we had to ask for a rag (and they only had napkins to give us) to clean our table which was kinda disgusting and wish they didn't use so much plastic- whether you're staying or going all your containers and utensils are plastic, a big waste. Otherwise great food!
2 This place is meh. Overhyped for soggy ass dumplings. The lady didn't take my order right away. My food took forever even when the restaurant is empty. I felt discriminated as well.
5 This is my second time here and it was packed today! I mean PACKED!!! Each order of dumplings comes with 8, so be careful not to order a lot but even if you do, you'll have left overs haha it's a win-win.   I ordered: Boiled shrimp dumpling  Fried pork bun Miso soup Roast pork scallion pancake  Pork and chive fried dumpling  Chicken and basil boiled dumpling  All delicious!!!
1 An excuse of bland dough balls made by some amateur ignorant people. I still do not understand the hype over this restaurant. Even their chilli oil is horrible. Someone needs to teach them what pan fried means. The art of dumpling making is the thin dough with pleats and flavourful filling. They are both missing at Vanessa's.  I seriously cannot believe that so many YouTubers mentioned this restaurant as a good one. Trader Joe's frozen dumplings are a lot better and cheaper than the mess that's served here.  Service slow and rude and some employees are annoyed at customers and too busy chatting than preparing the food faster.  I had come to Chinatown with a lot of expectation but after this I feel sorry for Lucky Lee's (my whole perspective changed). Real Asian food is a lot better than what is served here and some other over hyped restaurants.
5 Relatively famous dumpling spot with a hole in the wall vibe. Came here early around 9:30 am (Yelp's hours are correct but google's are not).   Service was super fast and the food was made right in front of us quickly. There's a $15 minimum for credit card and the Atm machine outside didn't work for me so we ended up ordering a bunch of food. Got two orders of their pork dumplings in soup (one with cabbage and one with chives). Both are supe good. We also got the shrimp boiled dumplings on a plate (no soup) and they were still super moist and delicious. Soup itself is delicious too (has bok Choy in it).   Prices can't be beat (we were struggling just to reach the $15 minimum)! Definitely would come back for a quick bite :)
3 I wish I liked Vanessa's more...I truly do. Who doesn't want a wide array of incredibly affordable dumplings? But alas, it just wasn't meant to be.  The flavor isn't there.  Last time I went, I got an order of the pork dumplings in spicy sauce, chicken dumplings, and pork buns.  Whenever I indulge in dim sum, these are usually my go-to, satisfying picks.  But that satiated feeling I usually get was lacking when I ate Vanessa's version of these delectable treats.   I'll give 'em 3-stars because I get it.  When you're out late, drunk, and hungry in LES, nothing tastes better than a cheap dumpling.  So for what Vanessa's is, it delivers.  But if you're looking for top notch dumplings, I don't think you'll find it here.
4 Cheap, satisfying drunk food coming in hot. We recently were wandering around the area after quite a few drinks and decided that we needed a little something before moving to the next bar. Enter Vanessa's. We were able to grab a square of tablespace and ordered a few rounds of dumplings and roast pork sesame pancake sandwiches. Everything came out quickly and in our haste, I am fairly certain every one of us managed to burn our mouths on fried dumplings. Don't you worry though, it was totally worth it.   We lucked out with our timing. While it was busy, it was not so packed that we could not find a seat with a sharp eye. Plus we were able to scarf down some food and head on to another bar soon after. It was the perfect pitstop!
4 The original Vanessa's is consistently good, but packed. Although I rather go next door for even cheaper dumplings, Vanessa's has a large variety of dumplings along with a huge selection of other items. They have a large range of noodle soups, and the sesame pancakes are very popular.  It'll be hard to grab a seat; I normally head to the park when the weather is warm. They have the standard watery sriracha and dumpling sauce, and the kitchen is open and visible from the seating area.  They're cheap, and busy- it's always buzzing in there with hungry folks of all ages. Their dumpling skin is a little thicker than I prefer but their wontons with spicy sauce are KILLER.  You can opt to add their spicy sauce on any order of dumplings, and they can either steam or pan fry them, up to you.
4 Came here on a Saturday for lunch due to the abundant reviews that swear by Vanessa's. When the five of us rolled into the shop, we were shocked by the massive line! While the line to take the order goes quick, the wait is definitely something to consider if you need a quick bite. Another thing to consider is the size of the group/children, etc as it is a small, family-style place. We were lucky that the bench outside was empty and that it wasn't overly cold, so we were able to enjoy our meals there. Moreover, this establishment is extremely affordable!! They only accept card for $20 if I remember correctly, and we barely made that with 5 adults.   As it is definitely authentic Chinese food, I was concerned about the vegetarian options, but was so surprised at the selection! I opted for the veg dumplings in the soup. I had to add a lot of the hot sauce to make it to my liking, but I would truly come back to try some other vegetarian food because I loved that the options were there. I also got the mango smoothie with lychee, which was absolutely delicious albeit pure sugar.
4 The line was a bit long but it was worth the wait. Great pan friend dumplings!! And I would for sure recommend the vanilla milk tea with bubbles
4 -Vanessa's is a must go to in Chinatown. They have the best dumplings and the prices you cannot beat anywhere.   -They are usually slammed and very busy so expect a 15 minute wait at least for food. Because this place is so popular it is very crowded. Every time I have for its shoulder to shoulder people. Some how you form a line to order but it is usually a mob.   -Look at the menu and know what you want before you get to the register.   -Cash only. No bathroom.   -Seating is also first come first serve. They have 4 tables with 6 chairs at each table. If you have a large group you will have to split up. While you wait for your food you will have to look out for a table to open if you eat there. When you do get a table we aware that others waiting will stare at you until you are done and they can get your seat. It is easier to order your food to go then eat there.   -Stick with what they are known for their dumplings and you will be so happy you did.
5 Incredible food, excellent value. Reminded me so much of my days growing up in Hong Kong. Loved the dumplings and steamed buns. The sesame bread sandwich was also amazing. My wife and I tried three different things for $8.50!!  What!!
5 Hands down the best dumplings out there. I especially loved the wonton soup with the pork wontons in there... the wontons were so thin and perfectly seasoned. The wait was not long and the employees were super helpful.
5 Amazing food! I've been here twice- first for the dumplings and second for the sesame pancake sandwich with Peking duck. I have never been disappointed! It's a small shop which doesn't have many seats so plan to take it to go unless you go at an off time and can sit down to enjoy.
4 Three people ate for $21!!  It's all about great food at a fantastic price. The stuffed pancake sandwiches were a treat I'd never seen before and can't wait to have more. It's crowded with folks jammed into communal tables but that's all part of the experience.
5 Best bang for your buck in NYC. Pork and chive potstickers for $2 are absolutely everything you could ever want.
5 So surprised by how great each and every item I ordered was! Typically when I order a small spread to give a few things a try, I can hope to be 50% impressed, but each item here was delicious! Maybe the price made it more delectable than it actually was, but that matters too! Beef noodle soup, pork and chive fried dumplings and kimchi were all above par and I couldn't stop eating any of it. I saw this duck sandwich many people ordered that looked REALLY good as well. Will definitely be back and I'm ecstatic to have found an awesome and budget friendly spot to add to the list. The cooks and cashier were all pretty welcoming and nice as well!!
5 The spicy vegetable dumplings were amazing! We also got the fried pork and fried chicken, everything was delicious and very readable priced!
1 This place is not gluten free AT ALL. This should not even have come up first when I searched for gluten free food
3 What do you expect from cheap dumplings? Quick service, low quality atmosphere, and most of the time, way too over crowded. It's almost impossible to find a seat, especially during lunch, so maybe do take away. They have a credit card minimum of $10, so you'll end up ordering more than you anticipated.   It's definitely a must if you're in the area, starving, and on a tight budget. It's become more of a tourist destination than anything, with the desires of experiencing "authentic chinatown dining" -- steam consuming over the kitchen area and the staff yelling out order numbers.  When it comes to Vanessas, it's one of the top cheap eats in the city. But what many people don't realize is that Vanessas is actually over priced for dumplings in Chinatown. Regular steamed pork dumplings costs you about $4 when really dumplings in Chinatown (for more dumplings too) are much cheaper. And to be honest, I've definitely had better for cheaper in Chinatown.
5 The fried dumplings were amazing!! Best dumplings I've ever tried in my life!! The almond bubble tea was great and the beef pancake was delicious too. Very affordable prizes. Is a must go if you're ever in NY. I actually visited this place twice in one day because I was obsessed!!
2 Had it delivered for the first time.  It used to be MUCH better! The dumplings were dried out and the scallion pancake sandwich with roast pork, once one of my favorite things to eat, was mediocre at best. Very disappointed.
1 With the amount of dough to content ratio, they might as well call it "boiled dough" instead of dumpling. No wonder I do not see Chinese people eating here. such a shame if foreigner think this is what Chinese dumpling really is.
5 2 dollar dumplings. EXCELLENT.  hate the watered down sauce.
2 I don't understand the hype. They served us cold dumplings and cold pancake and steaming hot boiled dumplings. The food wasn't good
2 I've heard so many great things of this place and remember going years ago for some dumplings. However in my more recent visit the dumplings all of the filling I had were horrible. The dumplings taste frozen and the filling taste as tho It's all imitated meat and seafood. I was very disappointed. They were greasy and I asked for steamed but the dumpling dough it self was thick and rubbery would not recommend to anyone looking for a good dumpling place.
4 good food!  Sometimes it may take a while to deliver the order!  Spicy dumplings are really good.
5 The best part is you can buy a bag of 50 dumplings for $15. What an absolute god-send for someone who doesn't know how to cook proper meals!! The beef noodle soup, zha-jiang-mian, appetizers, and bubble tea are good as well. We had a full meal for 3 people for less than $30.
4 This place is actually pretty good, We all liked the spicy wontons and the regular boiled dumplings. The soy sauce is really good! Keep in mind that this place gets really busy especially at night so your order will take a while! but highly recommended.
3 As a local, I can tell you that this place is way too overhyped. Really honestly just a tourist trap if you ask me. Their dumplings are pretty overpriced compared to other dumpling places you'll find around in Chinatown. The only thing I recommend buying from them are their sesame pancakes which are pretty worth in terms of quality to price. Add the meat of your choosing inside and you'll find yourself a pretty decent sandwich.  During 12 pm to 3 pm is when this place really starts to get packed. At this point of time, all they want to do is take your order and have you get out of here so don't be surprised if you find their service to be a bit rude. You'll also have to wait 5 to 10 minutes for your food which I personally feel should be quicker.   It's also better to order take out than to dine in. The dine in tables are only wiped like once or twice a day.
5 If you want some quality dumplings for an insanely affordable price, you've found your hidden gem. Any friend I have brought here has always been taken back with how quick, cheap, and DELICIOUS these amazing dumplings are. Also, you have to try the sesame pancakes. Only a dollar and change and the size of 2 slices of pizza. I'm not kidding when I say how affordable this place is!
3 Vanessa's is a NYC institution, and is worth checking out if you've never been to one of their locations.  You can always rely on a cheap and filling meal. The problem is that the food itself can be inconsistent. On a good night, the dumplings are fresh and perfectly fried. On an off night, the dumplings can be tough and tasteless.  One of the more consistent dishes are the wontons in spicy oil sauce, which I would recommend trying at least once. Surprisingly big portion size for the price, and I find them more flavorful than the dumplings.  This location can get really packed, so the service tends to be rushed and sometimes borderline rude. But that's not the reason why you come to a place like this, is it?
5 One of the top cheap eats in the City. Unassuming interiors but consistently good dumplings.  Must tries are the boiled shrimp dumplings in spicy sauce and the vegetable dumplings. Sesame pancakes are decent too. They have a $10 card minimum, which at this place you can be at real risk of being under for a meal.  They also sell frozen dumplings to go, but those don't quite have the same magical preparation as the ones in store.  Overall great place for a good, cheap and fast meal. Becomes addictive too...
3 Tough call, but I am going to rate Vanessa's lower than average.  I normally love shrimp dumplings, but they use small bay shrimp and the flavor was not great.  Really fishy in a bad way.  The pork dumplings were really good.  Both crispy and gooey at the same time with great filling.  Also tried the wonton soup, it was average at best.  We walked a long way for this visit and that did play into my expectations a little.  My advice, keep the standards low, don't order the shrimp, and go crazy for the pork dumplings.
5 TLDR - Nothing says authentic like repurposed Sriracha bottles, poor air ventilation, and a cashier that definitely makes you Google about child labor laws.  On a walk through Chinatown, I just stumbled into this place after finding out they had 4 dumplings for $2. These puppies were as good as anything I could ask for. I got some standard pan-fried pork dumplings and they tasted exactly like what I get in China. Delicious filling, dough wrap that's not to thin and not to thick, and a great dumpling sauce to pair. Dumpling sauce is in the Sriracha bottles and I'd recommend taking it to go if the weather is nice out, because the ventilation ain't the greatest inside.   If I weren't staying so far, I would absolutely come multiple times a week, but maybe I'll just stick to once a week. Seems like a family run business that makes the gamut of dumplings, pan-fried buns, and other Chinese "small eats." 10 out of 10 would recommend to anyone who's a fan.
5 Some of the best dumplings in DC!!!! If you don't wanna eat in an old stuffy dim sum restaurant, Vanessa's is the best place for dumplings. Everything is so cheap and delicious.
5 I've been coming here for years and it just keeps on getting better. Service is incredibly fast the food is absolutely delicious. I ordered the bok choy with soy sauce and the shrimp dumplings with spicy sauce. My friends ordered the seasame pancake and honestly, I wish I did too. 10/10 experience and food + I'll be back asap!
1 I work in an animal hospital where we have designated times to eat. I ordered with coworkers. My delivery time was pushed back 30 minutes. So I missed my break. Not only did we miss break, half of our food never arrived. I tried to call Vanessa's multiple times and no one answered. Their "mailbox was full". So I contacted grub hub. They refunded me my food I didn't get- but did not adjust the 5.99 delivery fee, the tax, or the tip.    The portions are small and tasteless. I lost money ordering from this place because half of it was cold and the other half was inedible.    I am extremely disappointed with this order. We will not be ordering from here again.   If i read previous reviews, I would have never ordered from here to begin with.
4 really cheap, really solid, you can't beat it. dumplings are a must have as well as the sesame pancakes. I like that they have a decent amount of soups that they offer since soup is one of my main food groups lol.
1 Not the dumplings I remember having. They were not edible. Skin on dumplings is thick. Never ever coming back here again.
3 Not the Vanessa's Dumpling I knew from years ago when they first opened. The dumplings weren't what I remembered it to be, the filling fell right out the skin after one bite and the skin was thick. The hot & sour soup was also at par. I didn't get the reminiscing taste of what they used to be! I was a little disappointed.   Despite that, there were a few tables to sit at and high tops by the entrance/exit with a few soy sauce and sriracha bottles. The service was quick and it was filled with diverse customers.
4 pancakes here are better than the dumplings the dumplings are freshly made yet, but the skin is sooooo thick!  very nice staff who really takes care of you :) a very homey setting rounds it out
5 This is one of my favorite places in the east village.  It is a good place for a quick bite.  It is always so busy but there is always a place to sit.
3 I get the hype. I was given old dumplings that were on a stack. Unsanitary and just plain disappointment. I'd get something else but I rather go elsewhere
1 I can't speak for all the workers but this one lady she asked for the receipt, from my recollection I didn't get one, on that part I completely take the blame but, she gave me such a nasty look and with such nasty attitude   told me to go back to the cashier. She could have been nicer or just compassionate when stuff like that happens. I finally found my receipt and she just threw my dumplings at me. Plus my friend almost waited 30 minutes for 8 dumplings. Which I only had to wait 2 minutes and I ordered after and ordered the same thing. I never wanna purchase anything from them again. I was still hungry by the end and refused to get anything.
5 I don't want to oversell it, but this is the best restaurant of all time.  To me.  Emotionally.  I know there's a lot of similar places in the area, but a trip to NYC ALWAYS involves this place.  Mainly because I'm not NYC-native (anymore, and thank God) and not willing to risk forgoing the absolute bliss eating from here can be.  It's sometimes better than others, but I love it to pieces.  My typical order is a noodle soup with dumplings (of course) and a sesame pancake.  "Man, that's a lot of food", you may say.  Shut up I'm hungry.    The soup is tasty on its own but comes packed with fresh noodles and, of course, the dumplings.  The dumplings I find really fresh-tasting and just oily enough without making the broth sludgy.  The sesame pancake is something I have a had time finding anywhere outside NYC.  It's this sandwich with soft, buttery dough on the inside and crisp sesame on the outside.  Usually it's pretty crispy, sometimes I think they let it sit too long.  The innards are irrelevant, they all are delicious.  Eat here.
5 If you're looking for a meal for less than 10 dollars, that'll keep you full, satisfied and happy - this is the place. I've been a regular here for at least 18 years when they were just a tiny store on the same block a few buildings over. Now they've got a few locations around city which speaks volumes. Amazing and good quality food. The one item that I always order no matter what is the fried pork and chive dumplings.   I also love their wonton soup, hot and sour soup, chicken corn soup, pork buns and sesame pancakes - my favorite is the roast pork sesame pancake. It's an amazing sesame pancake sandwich filled with picked carrots and radish, roast pork, and cilantro. I always add black vinegar and sirarcha hot sauce to the sandwich - it really brings the whole thing together. The roast pork is a bit fatty which I love. The other popular one is roast beef sesame pancake. Even the standalone sesame pancake alone is yummy.  The line to order can be long but I usually don't have to wait too long for my food to come out. Everything is made to order. Amazing. Highly recommend.
2 We got the vegetable dumplings and the skin is too thick, filling is yummy. We got them to go and we got a whole bunch of plastic with steaming hot dumplings. So un-appetizing. Get compostable utensils and togo ware. We would have eaten there but for the dirty surroundings (outside and inside, especially the bathroom). Not returning.
1 Don't even bother with this place!  Ordered the fried pork+chives, fried basil+chicken, and boiled shrimp dumplings, and they were all terrible. Despite waiting for a fresh batch, the fried dumplings tasted old, and the wrapper was way too thick. Thick wrapper isn't always a bad thing if the noodle is high quality, but this was not the case. The filling just tasted off, definitely low quality ingredients to account for the cheap price point. Just not a good dumpling.  I guess you get what you pay for at this place, but in my opinion, you're better off using the cheap price point to buy some frozen dumplings from Trader Joes and make them at home. They'll be cheaper, fresher, tastier, and faster. Perhaps the other items on the menu fare better. The soups and pancakes looked solid, and they have a wide variety of harder to find traditional Chinese dishes. For now, it'll have to be a 1 star for Vanessa's dumplings.
5 Awesome dumpling house near Chinatown. Simple no frills type of restaurant with very limited seating. The food is super good. They have myriads of dumplings, noodle soup, and an unique sesame sandwich with different meat/vegetable fillings. Loved the chicken dumpling with spices on top.
2 Overhyped and probably won't come back unless some visiting friends really want to go.    Dumplings:  made with thicker skin, not the way I like it (thin and juicy)  Other foods: Scallion pancake and buns - average
5 Best dumplings ever hands down!! And super affordable! I've been coming here for over 10 years!!! Love this place and all their food!!!
5 Vanessa makes the best dumplings in NYC.  We particularly like the chicken ones but they are all good. Their kimchi is also wonderful.
5 Always packed... ALWAYS worth it! Get a little bit of everything because it's all delicious!! Be prepared for chaos but that's part of the charm!
5 So cheap and so good! Worthy of the price! Love their wontons in spicy sauce!! SO GOOD! AND THEIR CHICKEN AND BASIL STEAMED DUMPLINGS? Out. Of. This. World. If you want something to eat on the go, highly recommend the Peking Duck Sesame Pancake (add a touch of sriracha for a quick additional kick)! It truly is such a blessing for such amazing food to be so cheap and accessible to everyone! Vanessa's keeps hungry college kids fed well! Wish there were more locations in Queens and Brooklyn!
5 It's a long standing spot and great example of street food options, and the prices really are so reasonable considering the location and labor involved. Yes there are some complaints about the execution but really, consider the context and tradition that Vanessa's is pulling from.
2 I feel a little bad giving 2, but I don't understand the hype at all. Everything is REALLY really cheap though.  The dumplings have a really really thick skin, and not much filling. Pork and chive was okay, the shrimp kind of didn't taste like it had shrimp in it?  I also got a wonton noodle soup, the noodles were really terrible, and the wontons had the same problem as the dumplings, mostly skin no filling.
2 Had to try it after reading all the reviews. It's more hipe than anything. The dumplings were larger than average but with little filling. The skin was very thick and doughy.  The scallion pancake was flavorless fried bread. The one with kimchi was a little better but basically the scallion one cut open and kimchi shoved into it. Once is enough.
1 My order of shrimp dumplings in chili oil were all undercooked (ugh thick skin too) with one that looked like someone took a bite out of (it was actually popped and most of the insides disappeared). I feel cheated. They tried to cover it with a lot of chili oil bits. Other regular fried dumplings were either soggy or really tough to chew at some parts. Not one thing was cooked properly. I do not recommend this place for anyone who knows what a "real dumpling" is supposed to taste like. Oh, and the Siracha was watered down too. *face palm*
5 Vanessa's is the best out there. You can get 4 amazing dumplings for $2 and it comes out very quickly
4 Their dumplings are still worth it. Their dumpling skin is a little on the thick side but I'm OK with it.  My favorite sesame pancake is actually the SESAME DUCK PANCAKE. The meat is tender and not dry like their roast pork or beef sesame pancakes. You have to get this!
3 I thought the food was very good (dumplings still don't compare to my local takeout Chinese restaurant), but the staff was so rude! I asked for a knife, and the worker didn't look at me, and just said no.  Again, food very good, but probably won't come back.
5 This dumpling house is soo good. Very much worth the train trip to Canal. I got the pork and chive and the chicken with vegetables. They're a very reasonable price and very flavorful. They're crispy on the outside and juicy in the inside ;) I recommend taking out the food (not sitting in) due to their limited seating and how busy it can get but it's 100% worth the wait. You can see how they cook the dumplings because the kitchen is right behind the cashier area and you usually get your order quickly. You won't regret a visit to Vanessa's and you'll probably recommend it to someone else.
5 It's quite a trek to get here from midtown, but the dumplings here is great, and most importantly, inexpensive! It gets quite crowded in the evening, both during the weekday and the weekend. I don't prefer the thick skinned dumplings so I usually go for the wontons.
4 We came here for a bowl of pork dumplings in hot oil sauce today.  I'm going to give this place 4 stars because of the value.  As for the taste, I'm sorry, there are better dumplings in Toronto.  And Din Tai Fung in LA has THE best dumplings in chili oil by a country mile.  I see that there are a lot of ethnic Chinese people giving this place 3 stars or lower, and I have to admit I was thinking along similar lines.  However, I don't want to be a hater.  First of all, I never tried their pan fried dumplings and those might be the bomb.  Second, the dumplings in hot oil I had today were decent.  And most of all, for the price, this place offers great value for authentic Chinese dumplings.
4 Best dumplings and best value! 50 dumplings for $27+ tax. Dumpling party at the office!
3 Is this place bad? No but I think there are certain things to avoid. I came here right after eating at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou next door and the dumplings there are much better than Vanessa's. They were more fresh, tastier and cheaper. Service was also much faster next door, Vanessa's took their time and somehow, the food still didn't taste like it was freshly made. The skin on Vanessa's dumplings were too thick and the meat portion was small. Same with the pork fried dumplings, which were also too oily. I also had the sesame pancake with Szechuan style beef sauce. It came out lukewarm and the meat was dry. The only saving grace was the pickled vegetables, which added balance to the dish. The one dish I liked was the wonton noodle soup. The wontons were fresh, the noodles had a good chew and the soup was well flavored. Overall, this place just had mediocre food. Would I come again? I guess but if you're coming for steamed dumplings, I'd definitely go next door.
2 Vanessa's is a chain around NYC and this location was extremely busy with walk-in customers and delivery runners coming through on the evening we visited. The food was not all that good, and some dishes WAY over salted while others flavorless. They also managed to add a soup dish to our order that we did not order! Probably won't be returning.
5 Chicken and basil all the way! Ordered both steamed and fried. Both were great but I preferred the steamed.
4 I came here with my mom after hearing about all the hype and have come to the conclusion that it is more of a tourist trap. I should've listened to the other reviews that said to avoid this place and go next door, but I still wanted to check this place off of my list of "must-try" spots in Chinatown.  We ordered the pork & chive dumplings and the pan-fried pork buns. After trying a bite of the dumplings, I commented to my mom, "I like your homemade dumplings better." Don't get me wrong - they weren't bad, but they weren't amazing either. My mom and I both agreed that we liked the pan-fried pork buns better than the dumplings. By the looks of the other people frequenting the shop, it definitely seemed like more of a tourist trap. Not to be racist or anything, but I typically judge the authenticity of a Chinese restaurant based on how many Chinese grandmas and grandpas I spot inside, and here there were none.  If you're looking for a cheap place to eat in Chinatown, this will definitely satisfy you but also do yourself a favor and pop in next door instead.
5 Long lines, watered down soy, potentially dirty tables with white NY bros drinking tall boys out of brown paper bags- but so what? The prices can't be beat, I never feel gross after eating there, DONT LOSE YR ORDER NUMBER!! I can always find a seat and though they always act like there is no bathroom key... there is one.  I'll never lose faith in the pace that's saved my wallet so many times during my burgeoning, ridiculous NY life.
5 Living in Manhattan can be expensive. I'm paying way too much for a closet sized room. As a foodie trying to concur the city, I'm finding myself spending way too much on food. With Chinatown next to my hood, I forget that there are cheap and good asian places that won't break the bank. If you have azn friends, you will have already heard and seen of Vanessa's Dumpling House from people's IGs.   Food:  Fried Chive and pork dumplings ($2, YES 2$$$$)  Boiled - Spicy Beef ($6.75) Sesame Pancake Sammich ($3.75)   All the dumplings were fresh and bomb AF. The sesame pancakse sammich was also excellent. I don't think you can go wrong with any dish here.  There's going to be a line but it moves pretty quickly. I went on a weekday night but I hear it gets packed on weekends. The servers are super azn rude but funny. I was sitting at the counter and asked what the pancake tasted like so she cut a piece for me to try. I'll be a regular forsure!
3 My first time here was when I was 12 years old and Vanessa's was still just a narrow corridor that had a much smaller menu.   Their dumplings nowadays are good, but not the best I've had in Chinatown. The skin is a little too thick for my liking, but I can't deny the taste of the filling. Their sesame pancakes are fantastic and I have yet to find one in the city as good as their's.   If I'm too lazy to go elsewhere, then Vanessa's is a serviceable option although ever since they went viral, it just feels like a tourist trap more and more as their prices continue to rise.
5 Super crowded! Barely any table to eat. Very small!  Cheap and delicious dumplings. Dont forget to try a sesame pancake.  I am not a fan of dark meat so i always get the veggie one & it never disappoint me!
4 Dumplings are ok here, I've had better. However, I come by religiously for their sesame pancake sandwiches. Very unique food item you can't really find anywhere else. It's a cross between a regular sesame pancake and a banh mi (viet sandwiches) - pure genius.  I usually get the roast pork sesame pancake sandwich ($3.75). It's stuffed with the roast pork as well as pickled carrots and cilantro. Although the prices have risen over the years, it's still considered cheap and still so good. Only complaint is that the consistency of the pancake itself fluctuates - sometimes it's fresher (warmer, crispier) than other times (slightly soggier). I like to add sriracha to it or even vinegar. Also already amazing the way it is.   It's always busy in here so be prepared for a little bit of a wait - whether it's for a table or just take out. I remember ordering the cold noodles with sesame sauce one time which was delicious but I had to wait QUITE a while for it... Noodles take probably the longest out of everything on their menu. It does ensure freshness though, since you can see them making it right after you order.
1 I'm really tired of businesses imposing illegal credit card minimums. The Dodd Frank Act prohibits anything over $10. Vanessa's is $15. The restroom is also disgusting. Impossible to exit without touching the slippery gross door knob.
4 Finally - something new and different! It's called a Chinese hamburger or pancake sandwich. I call it delicious!  While watching YouTube, I came across a channel that was all about the history of different kinds of sandwiches. The one that piqued my interest was the Chinese hamburger AKA the rou jia mo.   It's a chewy sesame pancake sandwich packed with pork and a multitude of Asians flavors, and no one does it better than Vanessa's. I will add this to my list of NY Chinatown stops.  BB
5 One of these dumpling houses in Lower East Side/Chinatown area! Most locals and dumpling lovers will know about this spot. Prices are cheap and the food is ready in an instant. Their pan fried dumplings and buns are ridiculously delicious. There is enough seating for everyone to sit down and eat. If not, people usually will finish their food fast and vacanize their seats. Is vacanize even a word? LOL. Definitely check this dumpling spot out if you're around.
4 I read about this local gem prior to our NYC trip. My husband was excited to try it out too, so it ended up being our first dinner in the city. Seating is as limited as the food is delicious, so large groups might be best served by take-out. Prices are great, and bubble tea selections are many. The bathroom boasts a very edgy distinct look, but honestly it was pretty filthy. But the food is fantastic, so my tip is to go before you go!
2 Their boiled dumplings are horrible. Half-raw I think. They just used the same kind of dumpling that is supposed to be fried. Don't get it. I'm really traumatized and I don't think I would get anything else after this.
1 I just left. In the middle of eating my vegetables dumplings, I bite down on a sharp object. I nearly swallowed it. When I showed a worker and screamed at me to give her the piece. I said "No. I'm going to take pictures". Then she called over another worker. They were alarmed. Then I went to the cashier to show. She also tried to take the piece. Another worker (4th person to approach me) said perhaps it's "cilantro" , which it obviously wasn't. They didn't want me to take pix. Then she changed her story to say it was possibly a piece from a fork. I told her, regardless that shouldn't be in there. So they asked what did I want. They were making me nervous by surrounding me and trying to take the piece before I could take pix. Once I took pix, I gave them the sharp object. I asked for my money back and left. I wouldn't have been so upset if they weren't trying to take the piece from me.
5 AMAZING! Please make sure you try this place! It's a flavor explosion in your mouth. These dumplings are the real deal, savory, and delicious. I'm coincidentally bumped into this place and I AM SO GLAD I DID! They have a few other locations that are now on my list of must try! You won't be disappointed! Go!!!!!!
4 I generally get the Duck Sandwich and chicken fried dumplings.   I can "nosh" on the dumpling when I'm driving. DELISH!
4 Dumplings here are pretty good but super hard to figure out if your number has been called. I was waiting for over 15 minutes before I can even squish myself in between all the other people waiting to ask a wait staff if mine was ready (I think I really did hear my number but no one would let me through and when I was let through, the lady didn't even bat an eyelash as I was trying to ask if my number was called so I went back to sit and waited again).   Overall, the food is good and relatively "cheaper" considering you get eight dumplings for $4.75 (boiled) with some bok choy - but for dumplings, it might be considered pricier than other places. But definitely worth a try!
5 Best place to get dumplings in New York! Their pork and chive dumplings are amazing. This is such a great place to eat by yourself and explore the city or get some delicious and inexpensive take out.
4 There were so many outstanding reviews for this place, and this was our first time in the Chinatown area in New York. So, why not give it a try? The eating area was very small- only around 5 rectangular tables to sit. For a better view of how the dumplings and pancakes are made, you can sit at the open counter. I talked to a local who told me that people usually share tables together. Ordering the dumplings were very easy, and considering the amount we ordered, they came really fast. They were a lot thicker than your average dumpling. I was expecting a lot more soup than I got in my boiled dumplings, considering the thickness of the skin! The basil filling wasn't too strong, which I was okay with. Usually when you eat out, the food can get really salty, so eating here was an enjoyment. On the contrary, the wontons were very good! The skin was thin and very chewy. The sauce that it came with was also surprisingly delicious. Now for the beef pancakes- not soggy at all! Light, thin, airy- yet,still crunchy. It was a little bit on the saltier side, but that's alright, since it balanced out with the dumplings evenly. I got an order of wontons, two dumpling orders, and a large beef pancake all for $18. You can't beat the prices here! I'm not sure if I would come back, since I like my dumplings on the thinner side.
5 Wow. Cheap and delicious. We ordered a few different types of dumplings, bao, noodles, and sesame pancake. A feast fit for a king for a great price.
5 This place gets 5* because their dumplings are so tasty and so cheap. I love all their dumplings. I also love the scallion pancake with roasted duck. On a hot day, few things in life are more enjoyable than their passionfruit smoothies.
4 Great dumplings served up quick! I tried the fried pork dumplings and they were juicy and delicious. They were even better with a little sriracha.   The sesame pancake is thicker and chewier than I expected, but still delicious. Not soggy at all, considering it wrapped in wax paper.  They have several tables but it's usually packed. For a quick bite, you can stand and eat at the counter. Plus you have a nice view of the open kitchen!
4 Came here to try the dumplings, the fried pork buns, and the sesame pancake, and the chives buns. The dumplings weren't as good as the ones next door. The fried pork buns didn't have any juice. The chives buns was a bit too dry and didn't have anything soft and juicy inside.   The sesame pancake was what stole the show. Wow that is delicious. Very airy, crunchy, gentle flavors of salt. I would come here just for that, and get the noodles next door and call that a meal.  This is only 4 stars if you just get the sesame pancake
5 This place has the power to make me break my diet.  I love Vanessa's pancakes sandwiches and the broil assortment dumpling. You eat a delicious meal for few bucks
1 Such a disappointment. Don't go. To think we Ubered here for "the best dumplings in town" was more than a waste of an hour and a half...a waste of a great meal anywhere else in the city. Dirty, rude, and to top it off I make better dumpling from the frozen, organic bag I buy at Costco. These were gummy and needed salt and near flavorless. I can't believe this place has 4 stars. Yuck!
3 Was excited to come here based on all the great reviews, but slightly disappointed. To be fair, my expectations were very high, and the food was still very decent.   I tried the fried pork dumplings (both choices and cabbage), sheng jian bao (pan fried buns), cold cucumbers, and wontons with hot oil. The dumplings were a little disappointing; the skins with thick and slightly dry and the filling was not as flavorful as expected. Cucumbers had been sitting in the sugar and vinegar mixture for a while and was not as fresh as I would have liked. The wontons however were amazing. They were perfectly cooked and flavored and the skin was thin and chewy. I also tried the passion fruit green tea with boba. The tea was good but the boba itself was not that great.  I might come back to try the boiled dumplings. Overall okay place, very inexpensive.
5 Every time I visit New York I absolutely have to come get their pork buns and pork dumplings. I was introduced to the place by my aunt whom use to live in NYC and ever since then I absolutely can not resist going. I wish they had a dumpling place like this in Atlanta
1 What happened???     I went to Vanessa's when it was a little hole in the wall with little old ladies in the back making dumplings. You could see them through the window which is now boarded up with a poster.  Their dumplings were thin, flavorful and only cost $1.   Now they are $2.  Not a problem but the dough was so thick it filled your mouth.  We ordered the "special" spicy beef as well as a plate of assorted dumplings -- $13!  The beef was so tough and gristly.  The assorted plate was heavy and inedible.    And what's more, we waited 30 minutes for it!!!  Gone are the local Asians who you would bump elbows with as you awaited those dumplings of yore. Now replaced with affluent folks who are only there from the reviews of your "past" endeavors.  Vanessa stop opening all these dumpling houses and get back to making what made you famous.  Or you will have lost a customer who used to sing your praises.
4 Great spot. Been around for years. Priced for the quick meal. Quality.  Foodies will be picky. Sesame sandwiches are tasty, and the all dumplings/other items are fresh, delicious, and for everyone. Not a snotty place.
1 Dude this place is sick, you know why, cuz it made me sick and I had to take tums after finish a bowl of noodles and 2 dumplings. Taste like nothing. Will never go back. Sorry.
1 I have no idea how this place got a 4 stars review. And it baffles that there r good reviews given by Chinese. Seriously, the staff was RUDE! The dumplings were crap! DO NOT RECOMMEND!
1 CATFISH LEVEL: 5/5: Looks good, tastes terrible, couldn't even finish  This place used to be a staple for cheap and good dumplings. Unfortunately, not only has the quality of their food gone down, the service was absolutely terrible. We were a group of 4 but only received 2 forks, so I asked for more, was given a nasty look, and then the forks were thrown onto my tray.  We ordered 2 orders of dumplings and a sesame pancake with peking duck. The dumplings used to be super juicy with a nice thin and crispy skin and were cooked to order. Now, they are made in advance and left in a pan to stay warm. The skin was super thick and soggy, and very disappointing. The duck inside the pancake was so cold, it seemed like it came right out of the fridge. I went to the cashier to tell them, and the woman took it from my hand and kept touching the pancake trying to say it's not cold. I asked her to make it again so that it was hot, and she put the pancake in the microwave! I was so upset and disappointed!!   Not only did we get terrible service, the food was underwhelming. If I could give zero stars, I would. Fix the attitude and make hot food that is meant to be served hot.
3 We ate the boiled shrimp dumplings that were a little mealy, a pork bun and red bean bun that were just OK ( pork had a meatball and the red bean paste and mildly sweet with no depth), the kimchi and the seasame pancake with pork. Eat the kimchi and the pork pancake.
3 Very small, very crowded, not so clean, supposedly really cheap and delicious. I'm not sure if this place lived up to its hype for it. I prefer thin skinned wontons and crispy potstickers to thick skinned Northern Chinese style dumplings so call me biased. We had the pork and cabbage, pork and chives, shrimp wontons, and the pan fried dumplings. They were all good enough but nothing wowed me. Not the price, or the atmosphere, or the cleanliness, or the quickness of the food being cooked, or the taste of the dumplings. Meh.
5 This place is often pretty crowded with tourists but their food is still worth the wait. What I really like from here are the sesame pancakes with roast pork. They're great for a quick lunch and really hit the spot. When I crave a good sesame pancake with a bit of sour pickled carrots, this is the place to go. They're fried dumplings are good but it's really the sesame pancake that'll make me want to wait in the tourist lines.
1 The dumpling wrapper is so thick it doesn't have the write bite or feel at all. I got the pan fried ones and the crust was too burnt leaving a bad taste in the mouth. Seriously the texture is so weird it's as if they were thick wheat dumplings.
4 Dropped into Vanessa's on a random Friday while out wandering around the city. We had the pork & cabbage dumplings, along with the shrimp dumplings, and the veggie pancake! All were delicious, especially the pancake, which tasted a lot like a Bahn Mi. I will definitely be back to visit! By the way, the bathroom is pretty horrendous - but don't let that discourage you
5 First time trying dumplings. Soo good. My food was ordered ahead so when I got there it was already on the table. Not sure how good the service was so can't comment on that. It was busy and a little crowded. Big line almost out the door. That's a symbol of a good restaurant though! Food was great. Best believe I'll be back!
2 I was on my way to work in the morning and I thought i can grab a quick snack, and I waited for 15 minutes for a wonton soup during non-busy hours, the lady was making jokes with other coworkers, and when i ask my food she was annoyed all over her face and went to check on it. And finally after she packed the food then she handed to someone else. P.s the wonton was overly done and the skin became upswell and soggy.
5 They're known for their dumplings and it sure is pretty good. They have a decent variety of dumpling flavors at affordable prices and make a filling meal. I typically go for the pan fried dumplings, which isn't so oily like most places and have a great crispy bottom. They're also known for their scallion pancakes which cost a bit more depending on the filling you choose but is also unique. The cold cucumbers is one of the best refreshing sides to get too. The food comes out quick and it's just a great spot for a quick meal.
4 It's an experience. Very cramped and busy with employees shouting at one another, but it's lively and the food is delicious. We were a large group and had to wait a bit for a table, but we were seated by the time our food was ready so no stress. It is ridiculous cheap, but sensationally tasty - personal favourite were the duck pancakes. The only inconvenience was that they said online they accepted cards but were cash only upon arrival, although they did have an atm outside which was handy.
4 This is a great place for a quick snack or maybe even a full meal. The dumplings are light and flavorful, with enough choices on the menu to keep almost anyone happy. And at a low price point they won't burn a hole in your pocket either!  The decor is very basic and they only take cash. You order at the counter, pay up and wait till they call out your number. We got the hot and spicy wontons and they were delicious! The only downside is it took too long to come out - for a place that is so no-frills I would have expected to be happily devouring my dumplings earlier than the 15 minutes or so that it took.   The crowd here is a mix of locals and out-of-towners enjoying some tasty inexpensive fare. There are probably many more inexpensive spots like this, but for a start you can't go wrong with this joint.
3 Ordered Chicken + spicy veg dumplings + chicken pancake + noodles sesame mash.  Chicken dumplings were good, tasted juicy and aromatic while veggie dumplings with spicy sauce (that's an add on the veggie dumplings ) tasted awesome because of the spicy sauce.  Chicken pancakes were the best.  Do not try noodles sesame mash if you have spicy taste buds and if you love tangy spicy food.
5 Excellent!!  Constant flow of locals of all ethnicities.  Steamed dumplings are all good but the shrimp in spicy sauce is the best. I'd bet all the spicy sauce dumplings are delicious. Fried dumplings missed the mark. Too doughy and only barely fried on the bottom. Filing of basil chicken was just ok. Not to miss is the sesame pancake sandwich with Peking duck. Awesome!!
3 Maybe it was me but I was waiting for a bit before I was asked to order. The staff seemed busy conversations with each other. I will say however, the dumplings were absolutely amazing. I got an order of steamed dumplings as well as fried dumplings and was absolutely amazed at the authenticity in the taste of them.
5 Living back home in Minnesota makes me miss this place every time I have dumplings. Nothing beats a Vanessa's dumpling
5 Best dumplings! Had a great time with some friends while we had great food. (Getting hungry for some while i write this haha) Definitely we will be going back.
4 Cozy (and somewhat crowded at times) place in the lower east side to enjoy delicious dumplings! My friend wanted to eat here for his birthday - we were a group of about 10 - since the food is delicious and VERY reasonably priced. Example: bottle of water is $1. There are a handful of tables that seat about 6 people each, and these seats will get filled on a Friday or Saturday night. There is a decent selection of dumplings, sesame pancakes and other items to choose from. I tried the edamame and chicken dumplings - yum! The dumplings were served nice and hot and were some of the best I've ever had. The edamame was spot on as well.   The main issue I had was the lengthy wait after placing my order. I understand they have many customers to serve and the people behind the counter are trying to get everyone served, but it would be great if they could expedite the entire process. Other than that, it's a great restaurant to venture to if you're exploring the lower east side - you don't want to do it on an empty stomach!
2 Not for me.  Got pork and leek and shrimp boiled dumplings plus roasted pork sesame pancake.  Dumplings were sloppily put together, bland and watery.   The sesame pancake was ok.  All in all, not what I expected.  The worst part was the bathroom.   It was covered in graffiti and dirty.  After walking the filthy streets of NYC, I was hoping for a clean place to wash my hands before eating.   Nope.
1 Maybe it's because I just came back from China, but wow, I was so unimpressed and disappointed by Vanessa's. First of all, the place is so cramped and dirty. If you're with others, it's going to be so frustrating to find a place to sit. And don't even get me started on the most disgusting bathroom I have yet to encounter. My shoes were too good for that bathroom.  Second of all, the food was awful. The beef pancake was so plasticky. The edamame was unnecessarily drenched in salt. The dumplings were doable, I guess, but nothing worthy enough to be their namesake. The mango shake was pure sugar and tasted fake. It was left unfinished.   Last, it took over thirty minutes to get our very basic order of food. To stand there and wait the the whole time for some simple dumplings and edamame is ridiculous and a waste of time.   If you're in Chinatown, you're surrounded with so many better options within the same price range. Don't go here just because of the name.
5 This little hole in the wall knows how to food!  We had fried dumplings and some kind of beef sesame pancake. We have been there 3 times and it is one of our favorites in Chinatown NYC. I found this place using Yelp. Thank you Yelp for helps us find another quality dining establishment. Beware, this place is quite small with very limited seating and very many happy eaters so you might not get a seat during busy times. But I totally recommend this place for quality food at super-reasonable prices.
5 Wait can be long but worth it . Basil chicken dumplings are the best with some spicy cucumbers  I always buy frozen bag of 50 to keep in freezer . My daughter favorite is beef pancake sandwiches .
4 Vanessa's felt like an absolute gem when I first found it and though the allure has waned over the years, it still is a pretty good spot for a quick and cheap meal.   The prices for your basic fried pork dumpling order has effectively doubled with time, but cmon we live in New York. $2 for four dumplings is a steal wherever you go. Outside of the tasty dumplings, they also have good sesame pancakes. You can get them with a variety of fillings and eat them like a sandwich, but I prefer them plain on the side and soaked with soy and sriracha.   This place is often crowded, has a $15 card min, and ain't winning any awards for friendly service. But they have cheap, delicious dumplings and that's what you come for. I prefer this location to the one near union, which is a bit friendlier, a bit pricier, and just seems to be lacking a little something compared to the original.
2 These are not authentic nor taste good, don't waste your money. I used to live in China and fly there constantly, so I know a thing or two about 饺子, and these are just awful. There's wayyyy too much dough. My best guess is they're trying to cut corners by using the same dumplings for both fried and boiled orders. However, for fried dumplings the skin has to be thicker so it doesn't tear, boiled should have a thin, delicate skin. There was also little to no flavor in the meat, and even after dousing them in vinegar I couldn't stomach the bland, thick dumplings and had to toss them.   Two stars because I appreciate the price and quantity, but I will not be back.
4 This is a great place for cheap delicious and authentic dumplings. The menu has a lot of variety and is simple to read. Food came out quick and the portions were filling. Customer service is not the most friendly, they just want you to be ready to order when you come up to the counter. Can't complain though! I ordered around 23 dumplings for only 15$.
4 The spicy wontons were amazing!!! The sauce was so good and the filling was flavorful. The pan fried dumplings had thicker skin than I would prefer but can't complain for the price!
4 This place is pretty solid. My favorite thing to get here is actually the sesame pancake sandwiches - specifically the duck one. Haven't found another place that does this, and it's pretty cheap for what can be a whole meal for me. Dumplings are tasty and cheap too, but I preferred the old prosperity dumpling spot (now east dumpling, I think). Try one of the pancake sandwiches!
5 A friend recommended this place to me so I went with some friends at around 2-3pm on a Sunday. The place was packed but fortunately we were lucky enough to get seats together. We ordered both the chive+pork and cabbage+pork boiled dumplings, fried chive+pork dumplings, chicken+shrimp wontons with spicy sauce, pork fried buns, and the sesame pancake with roasted pork and the sesame pancake with peking duck. Since we had a larger order it took longer for them to call our order number, but especially considering the price, the food was definitely worth the wait! My personal favorite was the sesame pancake with roasted pork. The dumplings and the pork fried buns were pretty average, nothing too special about them. My preference is the cabbage+pork boiled dumplings which are similar to the kind I've made at home with my family.   TL; DR - Food was cheap and delicious. Definitely would recommend if you're looking for food that makes you feel at home, but be prepared to take it out or wait for seats.
3 Eh! Meh. I personally think the filling was wayyyy too thick. Maybe if you drown them in sauce for awhile, there will be more flavor added to the dumpling, otherwise, chewing on a hunk of boil flour is just unpleasant. Wouldn't hurt to add more salt, flavor, anything to the filling also! I think my favorite thing in there is the chilly oil wonton. If you gonna get something, get the wonton because at least, the wrapper is thin enough you can still detect some flavor here and there.
3 The dumplings were alright but the noodles and pork buns were great. You can find better places around this area.
2 Much better (and cheaper) places to get good dumplings in Chinatown. I would not recommend. We went here because it was so famous and we had heard a lot about it but it really wasn't very great.  Luckily, the day we went wasn't very crowded so it wasn't that it was slow- but firstly, their dumplings are really overprices, way more expensive than everywhere else, especially if you want boiled dumplings and not fried.  We got the fried chicken basil dumplings and while it was interesting to taste basil in a dumpling- something I haven't had before- it was not a very great dumpling. The filling was small in quantity, the skin thick- all in all I've had better ones from Trader Joes...
3 Overhyped and here's why.   = SLOW AF = Unsure if this is even an authentic Chinese restaurant because honestly, the workers moved like the line wasn't out the door onto the street. Also, they completely missed our order, so when they went to prepare it, we watched them cook and bag soooo slowly. What kind of Chinese restaurant is this if everyone isn't hustling in the back or not wasting breaths of air by filling the order of the next paying customer?!?   = SOGGY = Sorry, the "pan fried" buns were SO soggy. I got maybe a crunch or two. So not only is the service slow, but their slowness impacts the freshness of the food because it's just sitting out.  = TASTE = Yes, I can see why tourists think this place is "good" but I was unimpressed with how the sogginess had such a negative impact on the flavor. The duck pancake was uncomfortably chewy like untoasted French bread crust. The best flavor was the chicken basil! But everything else was just alright.  = VALUE = 5/5, I love a cheap bite.   Overall, pass bc overrated, I've had better and wouldn't come back.
2 I got the pork cabbage dumplings and they may have been the worst I have eaten. The skin was way too thick that I just tasted the skin rather than the pork/cabbage inside. It's also a bit pricey compared to other dumpling places in Chinatown. My friends got sesame pancakes which they really enjoyed so I recommend getting that if you decide to come here as the pancakes were more affordable and sizable portions.
3 Rating seems to be high and that attracted us to visit this place but found that outer shell was too thick, though ingredients were really good. Had better dumplings at many other places in New York.
5 First time here and cannot wait to come back. Tried the spicy dumplings the homemade ones and the pork sesame pancake. SOOOO GOOD & you can't beat the price (all under $20). Gets packed quick but def worth the wait.
5 One of my fave dumpling places in the city. I usually get fried pork and chive since they're the cheapest and fastest and always tasty. Sometimes I take home a bag of frozen ones. Excellent deal for the price and filling. I also love the scallion pancake sandwich with duck. It is busy no matter when you go and often hard to find seating since it's not a large place.
4 One of those must visits while in NYC!  The place is typically packed.  Food is amazing.  Chili dumplings is very satisfying, yet won't stuff you.  Prices are insanely cheap.  How do they survive???
3 Tried their dumplings during an event. We got chicken&basil, vegetables and pork&leek fried dumpling. The meaty ones got good flavors, but a thinner skin would be helpful. For the steamed one, we got pork&cabbage and the shrimp. The shrimp one wasn't those type of fresh seafood, but was okay. Same problem though: the skin was too thick. Overall mediocre dumplings. Good for the price maybe.
1 My chicken and basil fried dumplings were burnt. I don't know if it was just the particular batch I got or it is generally like that ..
5 **Although called a dumpling house, this is not a place for dumplings.   I don't think there is anything particularly special about the dumplings, besides the different types of skin they use. And even that, doesn't make it especially noteworthy.   So why would I give this place five stars? If you completely forget about the dumplings, I would say their specialty is the sesame pancakes. I've been coming here for a little over 10 years and can vouch for the yummy sesame pancakes. It's crispy on the outside with sesame seeds all over, and soft on the inside. Shaped like pizza slices, the sesame pancakes can be split in half transversely and can be filled with a variety of things, but ones that I particularly like are beef, pickled carrots, and cilantro OR tuna. Although the original with no filling can also taste good, I would still recommend you to fill it. It's affordable, satiating, and delicious.   It's often very crowded in here, so if you're with a bigger group looking to sit down, good luck. No waiters or anything so you basically have to hope that the seats that are empty are adjacent to each other, or find lucky fellas that would trade seats.   Too long; didn't read: FORGET the dumplings, GET the sesame pancakes.
4 It was a Saturday afternoon and it was kinda busy. I got a fried pork and cabbage wonton, corn and chicken soup and pork wonton soup. Everything was pretty good. Quick and simple snack. It was kinda hot outside so after eating the soup I realized I was hot! There wasn't any a/c and it started getting crowded and people were waiting for seats. It's first come, first serve and you sit wherever you can get a seat. I can see when it gets crowded it will be hot in there. There's lots on the menu and will try them next time.
3 The dumplings were just ok. I love dumplings so I expected this place had good dumplings but i was disappointed. I ordered 3 fried and 2 boiled. The fried ones were better. For the boiled one, especially the vegetables, had thick shell which made me getting bored of it quickly. I ordered 5 different dumplings, but at first she just gave me 4. She said "What..oh..forgot". The advice is if you order a lot, please make sure to count it before you leave. I dined in, during all the time i was there, there was a group of people hanging around in front of the restaurant, and they smoked weed and the smell went straight to the restaurant because the door was opened.
5 What can we say, you go for the great dumplings and the authentic experience. Price is incredibly cheap. It became one of my go to each time I am in NYC.
5 I got #11 pork fried bun 3 for $2 that was very delicious I give it 10.  The bottom was crusty and the filling is very authentic I can taste they put ginger and a nice amount of scallion in there.  Some places is just pork with no other taste.  Cold soy milk $2 is fresh and lightly sweet.  Pot stickers chive and pork is also very good.  Chive and egg pocket is not so fresh I give it 7.  The dough was kind of hard and dry.  I would order it and heat it up at home in the pan.  Sesame pancake with roast duck was very good I give it a 10.  Good amount of duck.   I also went around the corner to 118 Eldridge St Fu Zhou Dumpling as recommended by Mike Chen on his youtube but they don't have much selection and also I dont think their food is as good as Vanessa's.  Eat it, go home and go to sleep with dumplings swimming in your stomach.
3 This place has rave reviews so I was expecting amazing dumplings. I came here with boyfriend and a couple of friends, one of whom really recommending this place.  We sauntered over to the place and after perusing the menu, I selected the pork and cabbage fried dumplings and the scallion duck pancake. Ordering is somewhat difficult with a flurry of faces, some belong to staff aggressively asking for the order and some belong to other patrons who are also trying to order foods. After we had ordered, we didn't really know where to go so we stood around for about 20 minutes before our dumpling order number was called.  The wait was excruciatingly slow with so many people milling in and out and a worker yelling and walking around with a bucket of questionable liquid? It was unclear. When our number was finally called, we picked it up and high tailed out of there. There wasn't much, if any sitting space, and it all seemed very dirty/grimy/not cleaned very well. This is definitely a take out place. As we were leaving, we noticed a man who looked very ill sitting outside the restaurant. We offered him water but he moaned and refused any sort of help. That also was not a great look for the restaurant as he was sitting there for the entire 45 minutes we were there. I really hope he was able to get the help he needed.  We walked over to the neighboring park and sat there to eat our dumplings. My dumplings were okay. They were a bit bland and had a spice that I couldn't identify or really like. I'd say the dumplings were about 4/10, not the best I've ever eaten, but also not the absolute worst. I wouldn't go back for their dumplings. I would maybe go back for their duck scallion pancake which was probably the saving grace of the restaurant. It could have used more duck in it, and less oil on the outside, but the scallion pancake was solid and the flavors weren't bland.  I don't think I'll be back, especially when there are so many other great and just as affordable dumpling places dispersed throughout Chinatown.
5 Great customer service, cheap and quick service. Keep your receipt since they ask for it when they call your order! Seating is on a first come first served basis.
5 Amazing dumplings and the best scallions pancakes I've had. They don't have much seating space so get there early and keep that in mind. Also, their spicy noddles are amazing.
3 The whole experience disappointed me.  I ordered chicken and shrimp/ noodles with ppl and chive dumplings.  They didn't add my chicken so I had to go all the way back.  Shrimp is so bland no teriyaki at alllll! Chicken was yummy Noodles were ok.  Dumplings were just ok.  The experience of customer service sucked.  Make sure to tell them your a student.   I paid $20 not worth it. I'm regretting it as I eat. Most expensive Chinese food first time and will not return.
1 Whet to this place after some YouTube recommends damn this place sucks. I'm such a fan of dumplings but this place is no better than any local Chinese takeout. First they are not the thin skin type, the filling was generous but had a weird taste and after taste as well. Had both shrimp and pork type. Also had for the first time the sesame beef and pork pancake sandwiches and both were bland but edible. If your hankering for some dumplings try Trader Joe's instead of this place. Damn such a let down. PS the staff were the typical rude attitude unless you are Chinese.
5 If you want good food on a budget, Vanessa's Dumpling House is the place to go to! We got these two plates of dumplings and a can of soda for under $9. The dumpling wrappers were thick and flavorful and the fillings inside were cooked to perfection. These dumplings are definitely worth stopping by for and they're so affordable if you're traveling too! This shop is cash only so many sure you have cash on you if you want to stop by. There's also limited seating inside so if you're able to snap a seat, go for it! Great food, especially for the price. Will definitely come by again next time I'm in the area.
3 I've been meaning to get to the original "Vanessa's for a little while now. Its very much what everyone says it is and its dumplings, you can't really go wrong. I didn't enjoy it as much as 14th Street Vanessa's but I can't say that that is this locations fault considering I got take away instead of eating there. I was disappointed that they didn't have the teriyaki items like the other location, but that's just my preference. I also didn't see bubble tea at his location but I am not sure they didn't have it. Also... cash only at this location. Solid 3 stars
5 Never had the dumplings here so can't really give an assessment. Always come here for the pork fried buns and sesame pancakes and they are so satisfying and hit the spot. This place is always packed at any part of the day and the wait is sometimes somewhat long but worth it.
3 Was excited to try this well-known dumpling establishment, but realized I set my expectations a bit high and left feeling a little disappointed. The dumpling look and taste Americanized, the skin was too thick and over-cooked. Chive and egg pancake was pretty dry. The boiled dumplings with spicy sauce were the only item we got that tasted more authentic. I recommend shu jiao fu zhou next door, it's cheaper and tastes way better.
4 Stopped here for a quick bite with a sesame pancake pork. Really fast and really nice food to get quickly.
4 Would recommend the fried dumplings (chive and cabbage especially)! We also ordered a scallion pancake, but he warned that it's on the bready side, more like a pizza crust than a flaky pancake.
4 I called and ordered pork and cabbage FRIED dumplings and they gave me some fried and some of them boiled. I've ate here since I was young and this time it was kind of a disappointment, my boyfriend likes the way the dumplings taste though and this was his first time eating here.
5 Small gem on the lower east side. Great dumplings! Nothing special about the place but the excellent dumplings. Various varieties. Had them fried and steamed.
5 This place is amazing! Cheap and so yummy. This place is also always crowded so good luck finding a seat. Try the spicy pork dumplings, they do not disappoint.
4 I'm seeing a lot of negative reviews for this place and quite frankly, I don't get it. Vanessa's is one of the rare places in NYC that's garnered a lot of hype without sacrificing price or quality. I mean, 4 dumplings for $2? You can't beat that - especially considering they're pretty filling. It could be a decent small meal.  You order at one end of the counter and are given a slip with an order number. You then wait at the other end for your order to be called. It can take some time to get your food when this place gets busy, but the system is simple. They do take card with a minimum (I think $10). There is some seating on the inside and sauces on the house. If you take your food to go, they give you plastic clamshells so it's easy to transport.   They have a lot of other food on the menu too, but I think the dumplings are the way to go. The pork buns (3 for $2) aren't phenomenal; I found them to be a little doughy and too salty, but they're still okay.   Knocking a star because of the pork buns, occasional waits, and the fact that if you go late-ish at night they're usually out of a lot of things. All in all though, I love Vanessa's. A must-visit in NYC.
2 I love dumplings. But I don't love dumplings that are 20% meat and 80% dough. Every time I had been to Vanessas it has always been a terrible ratio. Need more meat! Oh yeah, the spicy beef noodles, had no beef at all.
4 Super solid for a go-to, inexpensive neighborhood dumpling joint. Tons of different choices of boiled & fried dumplings and other Chinese snacks (like seasame pancake yum!!). Even the vegetarian dumplings are quite good.  They also do delivery within 10 blocks, so take advantage of that if you live close by!
3 Was super excited to come here. It was good, but not the dumplings I expected. I think I'm used to a thinner wrap. We ordered the shrimp and vegetable dumplings, and while the insides were good, the outside was super thick and doughy. The veggie dumplings seemed very plain and lackluster, but the shrimp dumpling sauce was spicy and good. The noodles in the dumpling soup are made of the same thing they wrap the dumplings in so overall was pretty bland and tasted like hot water and dough.
2 There was so much excitement coming to try Vanessa's only to be let down. I love dumplings with a passion, and Vanessa's was like that physically attractive girl, but you find out not so in the inside. My older brother took charge in ordering, and we got pork and chives dumpling along with a noodle dish. The dumplings were so bland even with the sauce. The noodles were also so plain that we forced fed ourselves to not waste food.   I'm not sure if I would give this place a shot again as it seems like a tourist trap. I might only come here to try to Spicy Wontons as I heard that was the only thing you should get here. I don't know Vanessa, I have to swipe left for now.
5 Food: 5/5 My friends call me "dumpling" for a reason. For the past few years, I've been eating a lot of dumplings. Vanessa's Dumpling is the Mecca of dumplings but specifically this location takes the cake. Eldridge is the original location. I remember this spot when it was half the size.  Their pork and chive fried dumplings are a mouth watering experience. Four dumplings for $2 makes it the perfect snack. It's perfectly crispy on the bottom and the skin is the perfect texture/thickness. It used to be $1.25 for four dumplings baaack in the days. You can even buy a huge bag of frozen dumplings and bring it home.   Their boiled dumplings are delicious too but.. I always prefer fried. Fried food is always better. Vanessa's Dumpling on Eldridge is definitely worth a try if you're in the area!  Service: 1/5 This place gets packed and the staff members get pretty busy. It's self serve in here. I always say please and thank you but the staff members don't reciprocate. Zero smiles. Not very friendly.  Ambiance: 3/5 This place was half the size and gross but upon expansion, the place got cleaner and more presentable. Great fast casual place for dumplings!  Overall: 5/5 Despite the bad service, I still crave for their dumplings and always look forward to eating here. I like dumplings :)
3 What I ordered was dumplings w spicy sauce. What I got was dumpling soup. It was ok bc it was freezing out & I was able to avoid the inevitable stomach cramps. My daughter didn't care for her chick dumps, they were a strange pinkish hue and even at 8, she knew that wasn't right.
2 Service is fast. Hot oil is extra $1. The basil dumplings were OKAY, not worth the hype. I've had better at my local Chinese spots. The pancake was soggy and cold
2 I'm not trying to be a contrarian or anything, but I've been to this spot at least 4x and I'm really finding the rave reviews to be puzzling. It's an average experience and I can easily point out to other establishments in Chinatown that do a better job. Maybe in the beginning it was a cut above the rest?
2 This place is popular because of the low prices. The food quality is... not great. Bootleg Sriracha sauce seemed watered down. Bring cash because you'll probably want another drink after finishing your first. If you're a tourist looking for the best Chinese food in NYC, take a pass on this place.
5 As good as dumplings get. My go to order is always basil and chicken dumplings. My friend has the veggie dumplings, which I wasn't a fan of at all. The veggie ones had no salt and the skin was thicker whereas the covering/skin for the basil and chicken dumplings is thinner and the filling for the meat ones had some salt/seasoning in it.
4 Delicious, fast, and extremely affordable Chinese dumplings and specialties await you here - if you've never experienced Vanessas's, give this place a shot.  Word of warning - no table service or waitstaff here, and the tables and floors WILL be messy and unkept, so know that going in.  You'll forget about the soy sauce stained tables and sticky floors as soon as your number is called to pick up your order from the counter. If you're like me, you'll get an order of dumplings (usually 4 to an order for around $2) like the chive and pork, and follow it up with one of their signature sesame pancake sandwiches - picture a Chinese version of a Stromboli - there's about 8 to choose from on the menu ranging from $2-4 and all about the size of a thick crust NY style pizza slice. I recommend the sechuan beef pancake which is their sesame dough stuffed with a generous portion of sechuan beef, scallions, cucumbers, carrots, and parsley - all of the vegetation is super fresh and marinated in an addictive vinaigrette, then married with the beef and some spicy sauce that hits you just the right amount.  Those two items plus a can of soda run $7.50 so it's a great value and it fills you up.    Other favorites are their various noodle soups (noodles are made in house) and pork buns. You can also order frozen dumplings and make them at home - instructions come on the back of their menus.  The seating consists of four rectangular tables with six seats at each, so be ready to make friends and swap war stories over your dumpling preferences.  There are about half a dozen fast working, chatty women behind the counter making everything in front of you and calling out ticket numbers at lightning speed so keep your ears open!  Great spot for lunch or a quick dinner before going hard on the Lower East Side.
5 THE BEST and most delicious dumplings I've ever had. If I lived in NYC I would definitely go every day if I could! For the drink I got a mango green tea with boba, so yummy!
4 Great price, nice flavor variety -1 start for seating.   As everyone has mentioned, the seating is slim to none. Be prepared to stand.   I would return.
5 Pork buns are a must when I'm down in Chinatown, as you can't get them at the 14th street location. Pork and chive dumplings in soup and roast beef pancake are my personal favorite at all of the locations
4 Service sucks and is super slow, but damn the dumplings are amazing so it distracts us anyways. If you're pressed for time order ahead of time!
4 Everyone knows about Vanessa's so not much to add that hasn't already been said. Cheap, quality dumplings that are good for those on a budget or just interested in a cheap meal. While the dumplings are fine, the real star here to me are the sesame pancake sandwiches stuffed with meat (go for the pork) for only $3.75. Super delicious. Reminds me of a variation of a bahn mi. Also love their wontons in spicy chili oil. A+ for those two items. This particular location can get PACKED with tourists, so better to take your order to go. Wait time can be a bit too, so just keep that in mind
4 Super classic place in Chinatown. Thy have a couple locations and if you really wanted to you could find a more obscure hidden gem but Vanessa's delivers a good dumpling every time. It's been sad to watch their prices steadily rise over the past few years but it's still pretty cheap for what you're getting. The pancakes are really good too! Also have a soft spot for their hot milk tea, super simple but hits the spot.   Cards are accepted but the minimum is $15 so it's just easier to bring cash.
4 Vanessa's is quantity over quality. This is not a place to go to impress your friends, it's a place when you're on a budget and want a boat load of dumplings.   The dumplings weren't the best, weren't the worst. There's plenty of black vinegar and hot sauce on the table to dress things up the way you want. The decor is fairly shanty town-ish, with a feeling of "just eat and get of here so more people can come in."   But hell, the steam pork buns at only $3 for 3!! You can roll in and buy a bag of 50 frozen ones for cheap too. My wife and I ate a full dinner together for under $20, which is quite amazing in NYC.  My advice: don't expect too much, stick to the fried steamed pork buns and dumplings -- pass on the wontons.
1 Never again. Currently experiencing food poisoning after eating there. I don't normally eat Take-out Chinese food or whatever those run down locations would be considered, since this normally becomes the outcome. Terrible.
2 The dumplings are mediocre at best. Service wasn't very welcoming and the place isn't very clean. Even though it is cheap, I wouldn't recommend this place for a casual bite.
4 The food was delicious we had a sesame duck pancake and it was so good. The only thing that needs to be worked on is the service and customer relations, the table was so oily I asked them to wipe it and the lady (she does not speak English) gave me napkins. I was Kind of disappointed.
3 I found Vanessa's dumplings over rated. Shrimp and chicken steamed dumplings were bang average. The wrap was too thick and the spice had no zing in it.  The quality did not justify the queue and wait.  Cash only. You order, wait for your number to be called and brawl for a table in the meanwhile.  Sesame sandwiches/ pancakes were good though. I had the duck ones.   And bring your own salt. All my order was low on it.
5 Boiled dumplings are a family staple so we rarely eat out. But for this price, I will be back!
5 This place is awesome. They make the dumplings right before your eyes and boy are they delicious. My wife and I had lunch here for $13 total and didn't even finish the food. Love this place. Will be back.
5 This place just blew me away. Prices were real cheap. But food was very flavorful and tasty. I will keep going back to this place. Only problem is seating. There are very few seats and there are always a crowd of people trying to get one. But taking out and eating somewhere else is a good option.   Sesame pancake was really good. The bread as such was very soft and flavorful. I went for the one with Szechuan style beef sauce. There was not much meat, but still it was very tasty. Chicken boiled dumpling with spicy sauce was good too. The spicy sauce and the oil gave a nice kick. I dipped every other item in the spicy oil. It boosted the flavor of everything. Chili flakes irritated my throat and made me cough for a while. But still I love it. Basil & chicken boiled dumplings were good too. Chive and pork fried dumplings were very flavorful. I loved the flavors Chive added to it.
1 I wanted to love this place not only because we share the same name but because I sincerely love dumplings. First and foremost, the workers were extremely rude to me on Sunday night and won't tolerate it. Since I found them on yelp, I had a few questions and was excited to ask them. One of the ladies was so rude to me to the point that it turned me completely off. I ended up ordering an order of chicken and basil steamed dumplings that had 8 dumplings. Honestly, the dumplings were mediocre and lacked flavor. The dough was extremely thick and the filling wasn't enough. The dumplings felt like it was mostly dough than the filling. Also, don't bother asking for hot chili oil unless you want to pay $1 for a mini portion. All in all, it was a very disappointed experience and can't see myself ever returning.
5 Love the vegetable dumplings. We went to multiple places for vegan dumplings. This place was the best as per our expectations. Will definitely be my go to place while visiting New York all the time.
2 Pork and cabbage pan fried - skin was super thick and doughy, bland taste of the skin kind of took away from the filling  Sheng jian bao - these were cold :( but the filling was really good and had everything from pork to mushrooms  I wish I got the boiled dumplings because I didn't really like the pan fried ones
5 Locals and tourists flock to Vanessa's for the extremely cheap and mouth watering dumplings!  I found Vanessa's on Yelp on Thanksgiving Day (one of the few places open). Boy, did they come through! This is a must try! The dumplings are so fresh. The outer wrapper is savory and soft and inner meat is served hot and juicy.   There will be a long wait and potentially no table to sit at, but if so grab your food to go. This is your next go-to drunk/hangover/comfort food spot.  If you haven't tried Vanessa's, you're missing out.
2 It was pretty good.  Read that as it was just okay.  My wife and I ordered 8 boiled pork and chive, 4 fried pork and chive, and 4 chicken and basil.  Let's start with the positive.  It was tasty.  So tasty, in fact, that several hours later, and my belches are still godawful from the amount of flavor in the dumplings.  Now let's do the negatives.  We ordered 16 dumplings, but only received 15.  When you order 4 chicken and basil dumplings, you expect to get 4, not 3.  Also, you might expect them to be hot, or failing that, warm.  You'd be wrong.  These were served at room temperature on the coldest day of the year, so the room wasn't even above 60°F.  Any person entering any restaurant might also expect a clean table.  Wrong again.  It was filthy.  Does no one clean them?  I also suspect that they make their own Sriracha in house and just fill an old bottle with it.  The stuff at the grocery store is thicker.  I must say that they got the flavor right on.  At least there is that.
4 I think this location has better veggie dumps compared to the other Vanessa's. Get the veggie bun too. If you like spicy the cucumber salad is refreshing. (It's in a little container next to the cash register).  Down side is you have to MMA wrestle college kids and tourists for a seat, so grab and gtfo.
3 The dumplings are decent - larger than those at most places with a nice range of fillings.  The shrimp dumplings are filled with whole baby shrimps which is definitely a plus over the standard minced variety.  The pork and chive is also decent although the filling portion is small relative to the size of the dumpling so that there is a space void and you end up with a bite with just dumpling dough.  The skin is also pretty thick which throws off the ratio.   HOWEVER, the price is VERY reasonable at $2/4 fried dumplings or $4.50-6/8 boiled.    The sesame sandwiches are great - try the roasted pork.  It's literally meat and fillings inside a  fresh sesame pancake with that pefectly aromatic sesame-coated crust and soft inside.  Definitely a step-up from your standard sandwich and only $3.75-4 (veggies only is less and you can get the sesame pancake solo but I highly recommend a sandwich).    Worth a pit stop if you want to grab a quick and cheap bite!
4 loved the spicy won tons. tons of flavor. enjoyed the pork and cabbage dumplings. much lighter than the dumpling spot down the street. be aggressive when you look for a table.
3 I'm really unsure of how rare this place.  It's pretty much a hole in the wall with some seating (didn't expect different).  My bf made it into the city one night and I really wanted to keep it low key and cheap so we came here. We placed our somewhat large order, I guess. We waited over 30mins for our food!!! So glad we came in on a slow moment and snagged two seats by the door, and under and AC vent, it was freezing. They literally served everyone who came after us first and then decided to give us our meal.   I ordered the shrimp dumplings in a soup, should have stopped there since this portion is quite big, 8 dumplings and some bokchoy in mediocre broth. Not bad, surely filling, a bit under seasoned. Ordered a side of Soy marinated Bokchoy, also quite filling and pretty fresh. Also ordered the fried chicken dumplings in Spicy sauce, the entire time I was eating them, I couldn't tell which kind of protein it was, ehhh.   My bf also had the fried chicken dumplings. He also ordered the pork buns and an order of some sort of pork dumplings.   The food tasted pretty decent going down. The next day however, I had a stomach ache, but just for a day. My BF, who had the pork, ended up with a stomach infection. Not sure if the two are related but I won't be going back to risk it.
4 Got 8 steamed veggie dumplings with the spicy sauce ($6.50) and my friend got the streamed pork dumplings. We both enjoyed our food but it was a little bit more expensive than I expected. It was pretty crowded on a Tuesday around 6pm so it was hard to find seating at first, but thankfully people ate pretty fast so we were able to cop two seats next to each other in the time that our orders were prepared. Overall, I'd probably come back if I was in the area!
5 10/10! Everything about this place was great.  The dumplings - amazing! We watched them cook right in front of our eyes so they were fresh and delicious.  The sesame pancakes were also so delicious, both the stuffed and regular pancakes.    I couldn't believe how cheap everything was and the place was quaint and simple which I absolutely loved.  I ate the dumplings and pancake as a brunch meal and it seriously made me consider eating sesame pancakes every day for breakfast.  I love Vanessa's!
3 I dont get the hype about this place. There's always a line whenever I come here. I don't know if was just unlucky but all the dumplings we ordered taste terrible. They are not only very hard but also very dry. I do love the szechuan spicy pancake tho.
2 Cashier tried charging me for 2 more items I did not order... only when I pointed it out she removed it and gave me my change back...
5 I went here at like 2am to get dumplings and I haven't regretted it. It is a great snack for unbelievably cheap. We got pork and chive dumplings for about $5, and they tasted just like what I would expect when I go to my friends' houses when I was younger. The service is great despite being busy all the time. While there is ample seating, it's often very full so sometimes people get dishes to go or just eat standing up. I would definitely recommend coming here for a cheap snack/meal.
2 Review for "Spicy" Wontons and Hot & Sour Soup. Current price at the time: $6.00 and $2.75, respectively. Fried Dumplings $.50 each pc. Boiled $.56 each pc. Pretty overpriced.  First experience here, I've seen pictures of the dumplings and they look doughy like Tasty's Dumplings which I am not a fan of so I hard passed.   I know this isn't "Vanessas Spicy Wonton House" but these spicy wontons were subpar. You'd expect flavor with all the toppings they put on it, guess again. Standard pork and shrimp wontons, I forgot if there were any chives in it. The "spicy" aspect was completely lost, probably toned down to suit the more american/ tourist palate. I don't think any aspect of this spicy wonton dish was salted. The grated/minced garlic topping was very unexpected and did stand out to help this lost cause a little. The rest of topics would have helped if the foundation wasn't bland chili oil and wontons.  Luckily something I always order at dumpling places, the hot & sour soup, didn't disappoint. The only thing that saved this review from a 1 star (not like it would matter for this place flooded with overhyped reviews). Standard hot and sour soup had 10x the flavor of the spicy wontons. They had the usual suspects in a good hot & sour soup: bamboo shoots, wood ear mushroom, mushrooms, tofu. More vinegary than spicy which I'm not mad about but it probably wouldn't have any "hot" if it weren't for the copious vinegar.   Overall expectations were low because it is such an overhyped and talked about place. Not bashing it for having a 8:2 ratio of non-asians to asians, but it definitely says a lot. Asians probably have a better hole in the wall place that doesn't cost as much. Haven't even bashed the prices but for that price I could have went to my usual place and gotten 50+% more. Prices SOMETIMES do mean more care/ flavor so I gave it the benefit, not the case. Will give their dumplings and sesame sandwich a try which cost more than my regular place after I've recovered from this disappointment.  GO HERE INSTEAD:  "Forever Taste", not a mouthful of dough (more like a wonton wrapper), plump, EXTREMELY JUICY, ask to get them fresh. boiled or fried.  "Mei Yu Spring", Pricier place I haven't been to in a long time, they get a nice crust on the dumplings if you ask and get them fresh. BEST soy sauce in chinatown, slightly sweet and vinegary.
3 This place seems busy even on Sunday night. Ordered boiled shrimp dumplings which were OK. Maybe because I'm Eastern European, I prefer pierogies (varenyky) over dumplings. Visit "Baba's Pierogi" in Gowanus and feel the difference;)
4 Came here on a Sunday night at 9, visiting from California. Amazing chicken noodle, pork buns, & fried dumplings. It was fast service & great quality. UNBEATABLE pricing.  Only thing I want to warn of is how messy the floors are. There is napkins every where because they have the vents on high and things literally fly off the tables in some places.  I'd recommend maybe doing take out!
5 The duck sesame pancake is what brings us down here. The sesame bread is so fresh and the Peking duck with all the typical accompaniments is a delicious combination.
3 Good dumplings at cheap prices but honestly i wouldn't take the trip back to this place. Long lines, although they do move quickly but honestly you most likely won't even get a seat here. It's a very small shop that's over crowded with people basically standing on top of each other and constantly bumping into you. The hot sauce was basically water in a bottle, defiantly not how hot sauce is supposed to be. If you're in the area and plan on taking the dumplings to go that would be your best bet.
2 Am I the only one who thinks Vanessa's is a touch overrated? I am obsessed with dumplings, say you have the best dumplings in NY and I'll probably pay your restaurant a visit within a day. Vanessa's though, I just don't get the hype. The dumplings dough is way to thick. I cant help but wonder if the talk of Vanessa's is what makes Vanessa's even more disappointing. In my opinion, if you're looking for a good dumpling go right next door to Shu Jiao Fu Zho.
4 It's cheap, but the dumplings weren't as remarkable as I thought they'd be. For the price, though you can't really complain. It's cool to be able to see all the cooking in action behind the counter too, with dumpling-making enmasse in progress.
3 I went there once, and the food tasted pretty good. They have an open kitchen which you can see what they are doing. One thing that I disliked is when they open. On their menu you can see it says 8:00 A.M, however on yelp it is 10:30 A.M. Today, 1/10/19. I arrived at around 11 A.M. hoping I can have some delicious foods, but the gate is closed. It feels-4  degree outside and pretty windy. I left with questions and dissatisfaction.
5 Good and affordable. Whatever you do order the spicy dumplings. Those were my absolute favorite with the fresh garlic and green onions. The fried dumplings were also good here too. We tried a bit of everything. Drinks are self served from the cooler.   They had 5 or 6 tables here. Very small place, but very affordable. I want to say they are a cash only establishment. A lot of tourist stop by. Easy to find with google maps. As with any restaurant in Chinatown the restroom was horrible. Reminded me of some gothic club restroom. Try to avoid it.  Would come back for spicy dumplings alone however there are a lot of dumplings spots within a mile radius. We might venture and try new spots.
5 Good and cheap super authentic. Prices are going up but so is minimum wage 2019 so I understand. Best dumpling spot in town!
2 So bad! The dumplings had just a straight soy sauce flavor and the noodles were flavored so weirdly! Never again!!!!!!!!
4 I love Vanessa's but not so much for their dumplings - their dumplings ARE tasty and flavorful (the pork ones) but the dough is very thick and if you get them steamed to take out they will stick together. But their pancake sandwiches which are really tasty. I particularly like their peking duck sandwich which is really flavorful.  My only complaints is that the sesame pancake is very thick so you are getting mostly bread but it is still delicious.
3 Came here on a Saturday afternoon with my sister. The place was packed but we were able to order fairly quickly. We ordered the boiled pork & chive dumplings (8 for $4.50). Wait for food was fairly quick. We got our order to go since the 4 long tables inside were all taken. We asked for hot sauce and they only had sriracha (no chili oil).  There's a bench outside so we ended up just sitting outside and eating. The pork & chive filling was juicy and flavorful but the dumpling skin was thicker than I would've liked. The sauce they gave us was vinegar (not soy) which was good.  Cheap eats for sure, a little bit of a trek from the heart of Chinatown.
4 NOM NOM NOM!!  I love Dumplings.... seriously!!    I finally made it to Vanessa's Dumpling House during my last trip back to New York City.  A foodie friend wanted to try it, so here we are.    Vanessa's Dumplings is located in Lower East Side area of Manhattan.  My foodie friend and I decided on the Basil and Chicken Dumplings.  Delicious!!    Atmosphere:  Hole In the Wall Type with few tables and chairs; nothing fancy.  Open kitchen.  Service:  A little surly... but hey, I'm there for the dumplings!!  ENJOY!!
5 so delicious. so worth it. the dumplings are delicious, the duck pancake is amaaaaaaaazing, and the bubble tea is pretty good too!
5 The best Dumplings in town on my opinion. Cheap, delicious, not super fancy, no music, fast.  Just a little bit little place : you need to wait for a seat most of the timt
5 When you think of cheap eats, great authentic Chinese food, this is definitely one of the amazing spots in Chinatown NY. Yummy dumplings for a cheap price. Quick service, surrounded by other really small but great restaurants too.
5 Steamed dumpling in chili oil, pork pancake - grand slams           Pan fried dumplings also excellent!
5 Incredible dumplings. Packed but moves very quickly. I would advise you to know what you want before getting on line, no patience but worth being yelled at.
1 Sorry to say this place has gone down the drain, don don noodle which is meat and bean sauce and look.. over cook noodle that seat in the water for to long the sauce is only a spoon full more beans the meat WTF... doesn't even cover the noodles when mixing it, the dumpling is so damn bad now from back when they first opened, sorry unacceptable.. tell or post this will it help since ppl that visit this place from the hype please the place next door has better taste the they have if it wasn't for working late and they're the only one open I would not spend a penny.. guess what I rather cook instant noodle at home and cook frozen dumpling which would taste way better... NO MORE people is a waste of your money. I wish there is a negative rating
3 This place is usually busy and packed for a reason.  The food here is cheap and great for the price.  Expect tables to be fully occupied and shared with strangers.  There's no dining service so expect to either eat in the crowded restaurant or take the food elsewhere.  Takes a while for the food to be ready because it's crowded.  Expect to burp a lot of scallion/chives after!!
5 So amazing!! Super cheap, fast and delicious! We have beef steamed buns, dumplings, hot and sour soup, and their spicy cucumbers. Everything was so good. It was very crowded but we got some seats. If you want to pay with cats there is a $15 minimum. The staff were kind.
5 We came here on a stop on our Food on Foot tour and it was yummy. We had the fried dumplings and my favorite were the chicken. Everything else looked good too and the prices were extremely cheap especially for NYC. The red hot sauce they have is an excellent complement to the dumplings. Would definitely recommend trying this place out.
4 Tasty and cheap!! Lots of veggie options like veggie dumplings, sesame pancakes, side of veg (bokchoy). The veg dumplings are yummy but I think some may say the skin is slightly thick. Honestly it's ok for me because it makes it more hearty/ filling. Dumplings are cooked to order so they come steaming hot!  Service- don't expect stellar service here. You order at the counter, they make it, then you pick it up based on your ticket number. Slightly disorganized, but this is supposed to be a fast service spot.  There is seating inside but it is pretty hectic with everyone getting take out and trying to get a seat. If you are going to eat quickly, sure. But probably best to take and go! It was crowded when I was there. They also sell frozen dumplings to go (bags of 50).   Dumplings are 8 for $5.50-6 depending on what you get. Overall our meal of 2 orders of dumplings + 1 pancake + 1 side was $17. Very reasonable for NY and you can't really find these kind of dumpling prices often anymore  Overall great dumpling spot in Chinatown/LES area if you just want something simple, quick and tasty. No frills and nothing fancy.
4 I've been here 2 times and have been lucky enough to grab seats each time(lit!). My s/o thought that Vanessa's Dumplings were gonna be some gentrified version of Chinese food but it wasn't. There was a steady stream of hungry customers piling up.  Great logistics, and efficient service. It did not take long for the food to come out.   The food was fresh, not soggy, not too greasy, and definitely not sitting in the store all day. The boiled/steamed dumplings are my favorite, and taste the most flavorful to me. The fried dumplings are great too, and not too greasy. Also tried the dumplings with chili oil and enjoyed that as well.   My favorite is the Peking Duck Sandwich(I'm a sucker for Peking duck) and there was definitely a good amount of Peking duck in the sandwich. It was sort of like eating Peking Duck Bao, but with a different bread and def more meat.   Def add VD to your bookmarks. :)
2 I am obsessed with dumplings and spent a good amount of time looking on Yelp for great dumpling spot which lead us here. The dumplings are homemade which is a plus but they were just OK. We ordered the assorted dumplings in spicy sauce, fried pork dumplings and pork wontons in spicy sauce. The fried pork dumplings were fantastic but the rest were just meh. Good thing this place is inexpensive. The girl at the register was so incredibly rude - we asked if she could give us a towel to wipe down the dirty table and she handed us a stack of napkins. I figured she would wipe down the table herself, especially since there's limited seating and the tables turn over pretty quickly. I mean, that's the right thing to do but she could care less. If you're in the area, it's worth a shot since it's cheap but don't go out of your way to come here.
5 I always go here every time I go to NYC. Super cheap, good dumplings, and pancakes.   Seating is limited, so better stuff your face and go. It's not really a place to hang out unless you want people staring at you waiting for you to leave.
5 Best deal in Chinatown.  Dumplings are fresh, handmade and CHEAP.  Great for large groups of friends that you want to impress with your knowledge of hole in the wall institutions.    As real as old New York gets.  Fuggetaboutit‼
5 I consider myself a dumpling connoisseur, having grown up in a family that makes our own from scratch with a huge range of filings, so it's high praise for me to say that Vanessa's makes some of my favorite dumplings in the city.  I love the pork and chive, which reminds me of my mom's homemade dumplings to a tee (although we make thinner skins, but that's a minor quibble).   I always buy frozen dumplings to take home, which I store for future meals. They're a great I-have-nothing-to-eat meal, and much better than the Trader Joe's dumplings in that they're handmade and hold up well in a range of preparations.
4 **A review of Vanessa's Dumpling House from an inexperienced dumpling-ite**  The order: -Fried chive & pork (4) -Fried basil & chicken (4) -Boiled chicken & soup  w/ spicy sauce (8) -Small pork wonton soup -Small hot and sour soup   Vanessa's Dumpling House on Eldridge was great. 16 dumplings and two soups was the right amount of food for two people (and less than $20). I preferred the fried dumplings over the boiled. Very dense menu, I look forward to trying many more items.   If you plan on sitting to eat, I recommend going during an off-peak hour. There is limited seating and even less standing room. Great comfort food for a cheap and easy meal. I will see you soon, Vanessa!
5 Boiled Vegetable Dumplings w/ Spicy Sauce   WOW! Flavor flavor flavor all the flavor. And spicy. Like good spicy. Juicy. Plump. I mean, I could eat these all day. I got their dumpling lunch, but I should have just got a lunch if dumplingssssss. It's not a full vegan restaurant, but there are veggie options and vegan. It's inside @cityacresmarketnyc along with three other vegan spots. Still on the search for a veggie soup dumpling, but my search might just end here. These are incredible. I know @vanessasdumplinghouse is nothing new to NYC but damn give them a try if you have not. #vegan_bucketlist #vegan_bucklistNY
3 I'm not sure what the hype is all about. As a Chinese American, I thought these dumplings were pretty average. I also got the beef noodle soup which came in a quart which was kind of hard to eat because the noodles are all at the bottom. Flavor wise, the beef noodle soup lacked the heartiness I'm used to. The noodles were average, but I prefer a bit more chewiness.   Service was quick though and prices are cheap! This isnt much of a sitdown place although there are a few tables.  A lot of non-Asians came here to eat, I presume tourists. The high number of reviews and 4+ stars drew me too, but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here.
4 We were all craving dumpling's and this place had some pretty cheap dumplings for a good quantity. Came in and ordered their veggie dumplings and their scallion pancake. It's a pretty small, hole in the wall place. It was crowded and the seating felt like a retro 90s food court. Dumplings were being pulled out of a huge steamer and fast service with people bustling to get out the door. There's some sriracha water sauce at the tables. The dumplings that we got were pretty hot and they were flavorful, the skin was on the thick side which I guess is personal preference but I enjoy a thinner one. They were decent dumplings, but def nothing spectacular. Their scallion pancake, I expected a different taste but it felt like eating fried dough but think of a popcorn kernel right before. It was a pleasant surprise. I mean I'm down to try more places but if you need quantity for decent and cheap prices, come to Vanessa's.
4 Right before Thanksgiving we ate here. We got a little bit of everything to sample. The chicken and Basil dumpling was most flavorful and the soups are really good. It is a hole in the wall that got a lot of foot traffic and crowd. I would eat there again.
4 The original Vanessa's Dumpling House in located in Chinatown.  They have another located in East Village and one in Brooklyn.  Coming here during the lunch rush reminds me of being in Asia.  This place gets packed with hungry peeps wanting to grab a quick bite.   Ordering is pretty straight forward; order off from one of many menus on the counter, pay with cash, get your number, and wait for your number to be called.  They have an ATM outside if you need cash.  There are four tables and a counter up front with stools for seating.  Since seating is limited, you might have to share with people you don't know.    I ordered the spicy wonton, pan fried chives, pork, and shrimp dumplings.  The spicy wonton and pan fried dumplings were my favorite.   Vanessa's Dumpling House get solid four stars in my book for cheap eats in NY.
3 This place was packed when I got here but I was able to get my food relatively quick.   But when I got my food I was a little disappointed-the dumplings were a bit cold. The dumpling skin was on the thicker side which I didn't really like but I think that's just personal preference.  The sesame pancake with duck which was good in terms of flavor, but the meat to pancake ratio was also slightly disappointing.   I also noticed that the sriracha on the table seemed to be watered down...? The consistency was super thin.   Overall, this is a good place if you want a cheap ($2 for 4 dumplings!!) and quick option. But I wouldn't say it's mindblowingly good.
4 As someone who has eaten a lot of potstickers, certain frozen potstickers are better (not because Vanessa does it bad, but because these frozen ones are just damn good): Ajinomoto Pork & Chicken potstickers, and O'Tasty pork potstickers. Vanessa's fried dumplings, like the Nemean lion, have a thicker-than-average hide that even large sharp weapons like my teeth cannot easily penetrate.  The boiled dumplings (in soup) to-go come in a large lovely container holding the soupy goodness with bok choy inside. I didn't get it to-go, but this vessel is markedly way better than the transparent plastic box crap that other dumpling places would probably give you via Uber eats or whatever delivery app you may use. I would be honored to order this stuff to-go next time.  The best aspect: Very, VERY low price ($2 for 4 dumplings)
4 Away from the hustle and bustle of Chinatown and down a quieter alley is Vanessa's Dumpling House. I ordered boiled pork dumplings with spicy sauce ($4.25) and a sesame pancake sandwich with Szechuan beef sauce ($3.25). The dumplings were delicious. The spicy sauce gives it a good kick but is not overwhelmingly spicy. 8 dumplings come with each order. While the sesame pancake sandwich was filling and the beef was flavorful, I was not a fan of it due to the chewiness of the sesame pancake. It was hard to take bites out of the bread.   Plenty of seating available. Credit card minimum $10. If you're going for the aesthetic, the chicken dumplings are wrapped in red, veggie dumplings in green, and pork dumplings in beige/tan. You can order 50 frozen dumplings for a reasonable price to take home and prepare them yourself.
5 This is a causal quick dumpling place. You order at the counter and then find a place to sit. This place is small with limited seating. I came here on a Friday night and it was packed, we luckily got the two bar seats by the door. This is the perfect place for cheap and quick dumplings. We ordered, basil & chicken dumplings, boiled shrimp dumplings with spicy sauce, chive and egg pancake, sesame pancake, and two sesame pancakes with veggies. The sesame pancakes with veggies and the boiled shrimp dumplings with spicy sauce were my favorite items. The chive and egg pancake was loaded with chives, didn't have much egg and had a "fishy" taste. Spicy dumplings and sesame pancake were the winners, next time i'll be trying the soup.
2 Service - Stank. They don't smile and they definitely looked angry when I told them my pancake came out cold.   Interior - Casual, quick, order at the counter then open seating. Tables and chairs are nasty and gross. No one has cleaned it in a while.  Pork wonton soup - Hot, light, tasty, comforting. It felt like it warmed my soul. Wontons were good.  Sesame pancake with Peking duck - Cold, tasteless, not much duck meat. Asked for hit to be reheated and got a nasty look. They stuck it in the microwave and it still tasted the same. Pass.  Price - Cheap! Easy to fill up on for a couple bucks.
5 I had they're beef noodle soup and it was delicious!!! The ramen noodle was thick and the broth and scallions where tasty.
1 I would not bother even swinging by it. The dumplings are too doughy and the fillings are curiously flavourless. I ordered a hot and sour soup which was nothing to write anything about. The only amazing thing in the menu are the prices. Where can you get a soup for a dollar and half in the city? But then I would rather spend more and get good food than be dished out average fare. I have no idea how and why people queue up to eat there. There must be a reason which escapes me.
2 Dumplings were way too doughy... and for what reason? Barely any filling and they all taste the same. Do yourself a favor and walk ten steps north to Shu Jiao. I should have listened to the other reviewers but surely if this many people like Vanessa's it's good? Wrong!!!!
3 Cold pan fried pork buns and overly peanuty tasting chive and pork pan fried dumplings.  If you're looking for the little pan fried pork buns you can get in China, where the bottoms have an amazing crispy crust, juice exploding with every bite like a soup dumplings but in bun form and topped with sesame seeds and scallions, this is not it.   What they call guo tiye, is just another pan fried thin skin dumplings. Everything is meaty and not overly greasy.  Cheap lunch at $4. Great place to go for time and cost savings but not a good representation.
3 I came here with my husband on a Sunday afternoon and waited about 15 mins to get our orders  The sesame Peking duck pancake was the best food we had there! It was super crispy and seasonably. However, the dumplings and drink were just ok.   Also 2 kids occupied a 6 people table and they don't allow customers to sit there...
1 Pro: *Dumpling taste great. (Ask to add spicy it'll taste even better!)  Con: * Price! They try to rip you off.   I've been coming to Vanessa for 2 years and use to be chicken basil dumplings were $2.25 then became $2.5 (fine by me). Last week I went the lady said the price went to $3 from 2.5....ok...  This week I went again the price is now $3.5 ARE YOU KIDDING ME. First the cashier said 3 friend dumplings was $18.95 and I said to her the menu said 2.5 and she said sorry fix it and added some extra charge. When I got my receipt I saw she charged me $3.5   They try to rip you off by charging a lot if your not aware then they change the price every week of dumplings. This isn't the stock market that the price of dumplings change every week.   Not coming back again, after 2 years I'll find another place who won't cheat from their customers.
4 I was brought here not for the dumplings as advertised, but for their sesame pancake sandwiches. Their sesame pancake with roasted beef to be specific. Did I mention that it was for only $2.75? Makes a great small meal/snack.  Will be back to try the other stuff on the menu.
5 Perfect start of the night with crew before hitting the town. Small bites galore, but made just enough selections that filled us up proper. Busy yes, but this definitely ensures you're getting the freshest possible items. We'll be back!
4 Peanut noodles were kind of bland, but the dumplings were straight up Fu-Whey-Go. Thought i'd save for later but couldnt.
1 I had high expectations for Vanessas due to the thrillist reviews...the dumplings were terrible and the chive pancake even worse.  I guess the popularity is due to the cheap prices...you get what you pay for.  We will not return.
5 Heard about this place and saw some reviews online that made it a place we wanted to try.  The place is in the wary of Chinatown and is just like any other restaurant in New York.  It was small with very limited seating.  We got the pork and chive dumpling, sesame Peking duck pancake and the boiled dumpling with spicy sauce.  The pancake was super good.  It was just like what you would get at a Peking duck restaurant but in the form of a sesame pancake instead of the bao.  The next favorite was the dumpling with spicy sauce.  The sauce really helps make it.  The boiled skin helps soak up some of the sauce.  There fried dumpling was good as well the inside had a nice flavor and the outside skin had a nice slightly sear on one side.  This was good as well but not as good as the other two in my opinion.  I would definitely recommend people to come here and try it out because it's not often you can get good food like this at such a cheap price.
4 This place is pretty good dumpling!! I love their pecking duck pan cake, and spicy dumpling. They also have sauce on the table that eat well with the dumpling!! Too bad I would eat more but I need to save room for my other good as well.
5 Price and flavor are really unbeatable. You could go to east dumplings a couple blocks away and get cheaper dumplings but you won't get increasable quality and a really nice place to sit and eat with all your broke friends. I love that they have so many options but just in dumplings but the whole menu is so diverse.
1 If you know anything about the San Gabriel Valley in California, you'll HATE this place. It's dirty, food is bland and they got my order wrong. Also, bathroom's gross. I'd rather use a portapotty.
5 This is probably my favorite dumpling house in NYC. We got there early, and the service was amazing. The pork and chive dumplings were crispy and delicious. The quality was very good. In addition, it was cheap, charging 2 dollars for 4 dumplings. We saw delicious looking sandwiches there as well, which seemed to be a popular menu item. Overall, great experience and I would highly recommend!
4 Vanessa's dumpling house was sooo good. They had great costumer service and the food was great for a really great price.
5 This dumpling place has been a must visit for me and my family every time we come to Chinatown. The price is affordable and fair for it's taste, fresh ingredients, and portions.   If you are someone who loves dumplings, you must try their friend pork and chives dumplings.($2 for 4) and their friend pork bums (3 for $2). For $4 you get a nice light meal and plus a bubble tea, you have a balance of sweet and fried food.  You will not regret coming here:)
5 I love Vanessa's Dumplings!! My friends and I discovered this place a couple years ago and ever since we've been hooked!!! Their pork and chive dumplings are amazing and come at a cheap price. If you go to Vanessa's you will not be disappointed!
3 Short Review: Delicious Cheap Dumplings No-frills, tight eating quarters Don't expect top quality service  For a relatively quick and cheap meal in NYC, Vanessa's dumplings does the trick. It is a fairly popular location so expect heavy lines during peak hours, especially lunch time and late night munchies. 3 stars because it is what you get, there's nothing exceptional about this spot, especially for NYC standards, it's just affordable filling comfort Chinese food.  The ladies that run this place are very firm and direct. Get your order in quickly, eat at your leisure, but be mindful of the vulturous eyes looking to grab your spot.  My favorites are the boiled pork and shrimp dumplings and the roast duck sandwich. This is not a light meal in the slightest as everything is extremely greasy, fattening and carb-heavy. Perfect roundabout meal after a night's out of drinking.
2 Where do I start? Overrated, crowded and low capacity seating joint. The service was not great as the cashier was very rude and the cook was eating while cooking my food at the same time. If you need to use the bathroom,  I suggest you don't do it here, because you might throw up, maybe is against the law to at least clean the bathroom once a day. Two stars because of the price.
3 A 3 out of 5 maybe a bit harsh, but for the price it is probably a four star. This is not the best quality food as it is more a quick hit, when you are craving some deep fried dumplings or the sesame pancakes. The place is always packed, you stand in a line, order and wait at the counter for the ladies to announce your number. My waits have been 5-15 minutes based on the order as some take longer. The dumplings and the sesame duck are the highlight, though you feel full immediately, specially if you get the fried ones. the quality is hit or miss, some days the food tastes amazing, and on others you feel A-ok. Definitely worth trying for the experience alone.
2 Overrated to the max!  I hear fools around me saying "so good!"  Self confirmation bias is strong here.  Reality is that these pan fried dumplings were greasy, soggy and over cooked. The pancake Sandwiches were also crumbly, greasy and limp.  You can do better in nyc in every direction.    I would say the only good thing here is the spicy wontons. But that's a 20 min wait alone.  Don't bother with this hype train.
5 I've lived in NYC all my life and can't believe I never got around to trying these dumplings until now. I loved them! I'm not a huge pork and chive fan (I know, I know ) but I really enjoyed their fried pork and chives and would get it again for sure. I also loved their chicken and basil dumplings, very fresh basil taste. I tried the chili oil wontons and I loved that it wasn't TOO spicy; however, I felt that they should've come in a plate because it was sort of hard to eat out of the soup container; they were all stuck together and it was hard to dip the top wontons in the chili oil which sat at the bottom. Lastly, I tried their hot and sour soup; perfect for warming your soul on a cold day. Don't be like me and put it off, get here quick because they're so good and cheap! You'll be hooked.
5 Okay if you are looking for THE best dumplings in New York come here. Be prepared to wait in line (worth it) for the most delicious reasonably priced dumplings you can get in town. Bring cash, and don't forget to tip! They work hard and you can tell they are proud of their cooking. The pork gyozas are amazing but the veggie options also delicious. I really miss this spot!
5 They ordered it at my office for a Halloween party and it was soooo good. I enjoyed all of them. Will be going to the restaurant for more.
3 We were in NYC for a couple days and we were looking for something cheap and tasty for dinner. My mother is a vegetarian and so we needed something with vegetarian options, and Vanessa's was suggested to us on yelp and was a very short walk from our hotel so we hit it up. We ordered two bubble milk teas, the Fried Chicken and Basil Dumplings, the Chive and Pork Dumplings, the Vegetarian Dunplings, and the Peanut Vegetarian Noodles.  Bubble Tea: we got the Taro and Thai Tea flavors, both of which were quite bland, and both of which had tapioca bubbles that were neither firm nor sweet. 1/5 :(  Dumplings: Both the Pork and Chicken dumplings were wonderful; super flavorful and filling. They are the three stars for this review. Highly recommend, 4/5 However the Vegetarian dumplings were simply abhorrent. Strange metallic taste throughout and the vegetable filling almost tasted rotten. Completely inedible. 0/5  Noodles: Same as the dumplings, terrible metallic taste in the sauce, noodles themselves seemed fine, however still inedible. 1/5   Overall, our experience was ruined by the vegetarian options.
4 Good very inexpensive quick Chinese food. Definitely a drop in place with limited seating. The pork and chive fried dumplings were excellent. Candidly... that's all I tried. $2 for 2 double dumplings. Aka 4 dumplings.
1 I bought a bag of shrimp dumplings for $20. But I was given a bag of vegetable dumplings
4 Their dumpling with spice sauce is soo good! Cash only place,but they have an atm outside. Guaranteed to be crowded anytime.
4 Dumplings are tasty and ridiculously cheap! $4 for 8 dumplings which were super filling! they had other food items but just stopped here for a quick snack. Next time would like to try the scallion pancake. Reason for deducting a star is becuase while waiting for my food I was siting at the tables overlooking the cooking area when I saw a worker dump out some extra liquid and whatever he dumped it in it smelled soooo rancid and disgusting. I questioned eating the dumplings after I received my order but did anyways and the food was good haha. But I do think they need to clean out their drain or whatever that was where they dispose of oil/liquid/scraps etc because that smell was.. wow!   Great place for cheap eats and better than eating fast food.
4 The McDonald's of dumplings. It's very cheap and the dumplings are good for the price. Don't expect high quality dumplings, but do expect to be satisfied for under ten dollars.
4 Who's Vanessa? Is she hand-wrapping these little pockets of juicy happiness in some magical dumpling land somewhere? Who knows, but these are such a steal for dine in, dine out, frozen and dine in at home, frozen and impress your parents when they're in town visiting, the possibilities are endless. Line went super fast, there's like a army of people working the boiling water, the frying pan, the assembly line of orders, the cashier - there's someone doing something every minute! The sesame sandwiches are bomb too! Heads up, this is 'hole in the wall' type of dirty here.. it's expected, I suppose :)
4 The pork and cabbage dumplings were divine! I also ordered the pancake with duck per recommendations here. It was... okay. The flavor was there, but there wasn't enough filling to bring it all out. A little more filling and it would have been great.  Also, make sure to find a seat while waiting for you're food or you'll be left standing.
5 Easily the best veggie dumplings I've ever had! Usually veggie dumplings only consist of one main ingredient, but I don't know they make them here but there were so many finely chopped pieces of different veggies in the veggie dumplings that made them DELICIOUS. Order to go or order then sit at some of the tables provided!
4 Still just as good.   I've been coming to Vanessa's for years. Our club in college routinely got our first meeting dumplings from Vanessa's. I think I may have taken a 2-3 year break from Vanessa's and finally came back in after attending a Yelp event nearby. We had some nibbles and drinks at the event, but really needed something more filling.  Insert Vanessa's cheap, hot, and delicious dumplings. They come out super quick and you get so much food for just $5.   I highly recommend the chive pork dumplings - they're my absolute favorite.
3 Plenty of options on Vanessa's Dumpling House's menu. It's exciting to choose what to eat/drink. The prices are cheap, and the portions are sizable when compared to the price tags. However, I can't say the food is super good. Mediocre would be the best description. But if you're craving dumplings, this place could hit the spot.
4 Really great cheap eats! I recommend eating the friend pork and chive dumplings and also their hot buns! For two dollars and you get 4 pieces it's pretty great price! I also had their bubble tea, it's not their specialty but it's good enough. It does get a bit busy and the line is long but it's worth the wait.
2 The food is good. The service is so bad. The lady talks to you like she is your boss, and her kids are doing homework in the restaurant, and she constantly yells at her daughter, complaining they are slow. It was an very unpleasant dining experience.
4 I love dumplings and Leine. I love discussing the merits or lack of merits in postmodernism, the legitimacy of Warhol's praise for commerce, the perils of New York. I am sick, shaking, haven't eaten for days. Leine and Andy suggest Vanessa's, and I willfully put on shoes, gleeful at the thought of leaving Bushwick. Those who say that Brooklyn is awesome, particularly Bushwick, are kidding themselves. It's a wasteland of warehouses turned into bars. Flower infused cocktails. Get me to the city, I think.   Get me to Vanessa's where I can eat dumplings, near the park to watch Andy coo at the shirtless men playing bicycle polo. Chinatown beckons. My ears ring. It could be my sickness. I need green tea. A peach Snapple. I can go for a dumpling. I'm ready to eat.   I'm constantly aware of mortality, biting through pork and cabbage and not so fresh shrimp, sitting beside Andy and Leine on a green park bench. A beautiful city day. One of few. We basically paid for our food with change. And me, being uptight and straight laced and hard pressed for optimism, I feel lesser than them. Old. Andy with his septum ring, his parties, his cross dressing. Leine with her sun salutations and permanent grin. And who am I? A boy from a traditional family, always trying to fit into the art scene. The Buzzfeed crowd. But who are they? Do they have it right?  I take a bite out of a duck pancake sandwich and think, this is the reason for Vanessa's. The duck sesame pancake is to Vanessa's as being straight laced is to me. This is my reason. I don't have to be sick and broke, living in a warehouse with Andy and Leine. I don't have to glorify licentiousness. And yet, for some Godless reason, I'm okay with Leine's sex work. I'm eating a sesame pancake, holding her dirty hand. Lost in the park with two artists. Hoping to one day have a place of my own. A wife, a good gallery showing. They haven't seen Jamie Battat, yet. The art people have no idea the havoc I'm about to create.
3 They gotten better with all the competition nearby. Much friendlier service now. The bash attitude is what makes them funny. More importantly the food has improved more back to when they first started and cared.
5 This place gets a little hectic but it's one of the cheapest things you can eat in NYC. Highly recommend going for the peking duck sesame pancakes since they're definitely the tastiest thing on the menu. The pork dumplings are good too. The shrimp dumplings are just okay.
4 Description: Awesome, cheap Chinese food   Service: The line moves fairly quickly to order and pickup   Atmosphere: It's a small place and sometimes hard to find seats especially with a party greater than 2. The restaurant is a little dirty, but most people don't choose to linger for too long. It's far more about the food than the dining experience.   Items Tasted: - Chive & pork fried dumplings: Really yummy - Pork Fried Bun: They taste okay, but not as good as ones I had in Shanghai  - Sesame pancake with roasted beef: This was somewhat bland, but it is a giant portion size  - Spicy Wonton: Good texture and yummy  - Beef Noodle Soup: Just skip. The broth, noodles, and beef were all flavorless
5 COME HERE.   My goal for the day was to eat as much Asian food as possible. Yelp reviews steered me to this dumpling house, and I have no regrets.   I got the spicy chili wontons and scallion pancake sandwich with duck. Both were delicious. I couldn't decide which one I wanted to focus my concentration on, so I ate them both at the same time.   I also got the vegetable steamed bun. It was fine, but I wouldn't get it again. The two items had more flavor.   The panfried dumplings were also popular here.   Cash only. Small restaurant with crowded seating. Worth it.
3 Vanessa's is what it is, a cheap dumpling in and out stop. There's a walk up counter where you order, and you can seat yourself at the tables, the bench outside, or stand at the bar. It's good for a quick bite and catch up with a friend, but you'll have a hard time seating a group of people.   There's a story on the wall about celebrity chef Vanessa, but I've never heard of her. Either way, I'm Pretty sure she wasn't there.   I got the standard fried pork and chive dumplings, 4 dumplings for 2$. They were nicely fried, but on the dryer side. Pork and chive lacked an exciting punch of flavor, but we're still pretty decent.
5 My bf isn't from nyc so he wasn't aware of this food heaven in chinatown. One saturday, we decided to go down and have Vanessa's startle his taste buds. He ordered the pork and chives dumplings while I had the kimchi sesame pancake. He loved his dumplings and my pancake was really good. The kimchi comes cold inside a hot pancake. Very interesting taste. I put an avocado fry in it from Avocado Apetit (right next door) and they complemented each other so much! Pancake was very filling. The dumplings were 4 for $2. There's places in chinatown where you can get them for 5 for $1 but sometimes it's nice to go to the best.
5 Everytime i come to New York this place is a must for me. If you want to eat really good cheap dumplings, this is definitely the place to go to. Their dumplings and their sesame seed pancake sandwich were like $3 each and they taste amazing. I have tried their duck sesame pancake sandwich, egg and vegetable sandwich, and their wontons with spicy sauce. Their wontons with spicy sauce are really good and that's the order that most people are known to get when they come here. Of course all of the other dumplings are good too but personally i really like the spicy ness and the green onions they put on top of the dumplings. My friends had the vegetable pancake sandwich and the shrimp dumplings and they really liked the food and were so surprised by the price also
2 - Limited seating options - Good for a quick in and out - Cheap dumpling - Walk up counter ordering system - Dumplings were dry and the taste of Chive overwhelmed all the other flavors (for the pork and chive dumplings) - Overall the atmosphere and design of the restaurant made it good for a quick bite, but the dumplings were disappointing. You can get much better tasting (and cheaper!) dumplings in other restaurants in Chinatown
5 Small hole in the wall dumpling place, pretty cheep, I literally ordered WAY TOO MUCH FOOD, but it was only $35 so it was a pleasant surprise. Unfortunately a lot of it wasted because it was a lot of food.  The food was quick and fresh. By the time the food came, we were able to find a small table in the corner (thank goodness- would have been hard to eat standing in there)!
1 Need to wait for a long time even I called to place Order 15 mins ahead. They need to wait I come to the store and pay first. Then why accept phone order if u don't truest the customer?  Just waste my time.
5 This is my second time here and I loveeee it!! It's simple yummy, inexpensive, and awesome! I've gotten the same thing twice, the pork and chive dumplings and they're so good!   At the same time, there are enough items on the menu to get something new a bunch of times in a row which is kind of a pleasant surprise because it still doesn't feel like an overwhelming amount of options to pick from   I'm glad I've been here before because the first time I was babysitting a bunch of friends from out of town so figuring out how to order for people who aren't used to crowds and also it was crowded was wild.   Checking to see if people have ticket receipts in their hands makes it easy to figure out who's on the waiting for food line and who's on the waiting to order line!   Going to bring my mom here when she's over eating salads everyday for every meal lol
5 you can say this is really one of the "cheap eats" by NY/Chinatown area... i was just yelping for some dumpling, and found this place.  After reading some of the reviews, i want to give this a try especially for their spicy hot oil dumplings!! b/c it is one of my favorite!!  I guess the first impression when you walk in, you might feel lost, you see a line by the door, a line in the back, and line on the left... so yeah, you might feel lost and not knowing where to go...  SO, go to the back (that's where the cash register located, and place your order.  You will be given a number, and you are to wait but the table area (which is the left side, and if they are "full", there will be ppl waiting for table)... or waiting by the front counter (which was the line in the front).. you can see how they pan fried their dumpling, and how they make the pancakes... it's nice to see them in action, and they are not mean or rude or anything... they let you watch. Once your food is ready, they will call your number and you pick up your food and you can enjoy it... as for my spicy hot oil dumpling... well, to me, it's not spicy enough, i mean it's hot (temperature) b/c it's freshly out of the water where they cook the dumpling, and they put hot (spicy) oil sauce on the dumpling.  i guess i was looking for some spicier sauce or something!! it's good, and it's fresh, but just not as spicy as i wanted.  BUT it's still very good!!! would i go back? of course!! i will go back and try other item on their menu too, those pan fried dumpling look so yummy on the pan, and i want to eat them all!!!
5 Holy crap. These have got to be the best dumplings I've ever had. Sooo delicious.  Came here on a Wednesday afternoon for a late lunch. Small place, but it wasn't too crowded. Went right up and ordered. I got an order of pork dumplings, one of those pancake sandwich things, and a can of soda, and it came to 6.25!!! I've paid more for one creepy slice of pizza, and here I got a whole meal.  The only thing I'd worry about here is that it's cash only. But with prices like those, I don't think it would be too hard scrounging up a few dollars.
3 My first visit in years, my wife and I came by for her inaugural visit here.  The classic pork & chive boiled dumplings were pretty tasty, but really nothing remarkable.  Similar caliber dumplings can be had at quite a few other places, especially if you're in the Bay Area.   Good prices, but the wait can be lengthy.
3 Rating purely on food- the dumplings were doughey and not very well stuffed. Although the seasoning in the stuffing was great, it took time to chew through the dough to get to it. The 'dumplings with hot sauce' just came with the siracha. As did all other dumplings, so it was a little disappointing to not find a condiment of house-made sauce.  I guess I got my money's worth, not sure if I'd visit again.
2 Swing and a miss at this classic budget dumpling spot. Vanessa's is the quintessential Lower East Side hole-in-the-wall Chinese lunch counter, as evidenced by a steady stream of mostly non-Asian New Yorkers and tourists on a Saturday around 1 pm. Ignore the lines of people by the door, as they're waiting for their food, and head straight for the register.  The menu is quite large, complete with noodles, soups, and bubble teas, but the signature offerings are boiled and steamed dumplings and sesame pancake sandwiches. There's not a thing over $7, and portions are big.  I went for pork and chive boiled dumplings, the standard by which all dumpling shops should be judged, and fried pork buns. $6.50 total, cash only under $15. (Sodas are $2.)  I had no wait to order but a decent wait for food (10ish minutes). They do their best with calling out orders but it feels very disorganized. Do check your receipts after ordering as the ladies handing off your meal won't help you with any errors.  Both items in my meal were disappointing, though definitely filling. The pork was extremely pink and soft, which made me nervous about undercooking, and there was lots of water hidden inside. The dumpling skins were too thick and chewy. Chives good but pork not very flavorful. The fried buns, by contrast, were super salty and a little sweet, with another too thick crispy shell. Both items were very hot, thankfully.  The space could use a deep clean and decor is minimal. Though there are a fair amount of tables, don't expect to grab one easily with these crowds. Take it to the park, assuming you don't have anything that needs sauce-mixing (as the boiled dumplings desperately do).  There are better cheap eats in this part of town, especially the winsome Shu Jiao Fu Zhou right up the street. If you must try Vanessa's, give the sesame pancake a shot; that's the only reason I would try them again.
5 Arrived at maybe 1pm and the venue was packed. I joined a line to order but then realised it was the line of people waiting for food. I went to the counter and ordered a plate of vegetarian dumplings with chilli sauce ($6) while my boyfriend ordered the same but a meat version. We also got some greens ($4) and I indulged in a vegetarian steamed bun too ($1.75). In the interim, we tried to find seats. I tried not to watch people too closely as they ate their final mouthfuls, but I couldn't help it! We got seats after about 10 minutes or so, jammed quite closely next to another couple.   Our number was called about five minutes later, and our tray was FULL of food. I was surprised to see my dumplings were green! The skins were thick, cooked al dente while the filling was fresh, had variety and was tasty. The uneven sizes told me they had to be handmade! The steamed bun, which I'm already a sucker for, was delicious. The filling was a mix of vegetables, giving a variety of textures when you bit into the soft roll. It was also the size of my palm! I would've ordered more to go if I'd been heading straight home. Highly recommend this spot for delicious dumplings and quick eats. For the price and quality, you can't beat it.
5 The fried dumplings and sesame pancakes are the way to go here! The dumpling dough is optimized for a light fry without becoming too crispy. Not as tasty (too thick) for the boiled dumplings which should have thinner skin. The soy milk was light and rich and I enjoyed it with the pancake. The pork buns were great though a bit small.   Overall I appreciate how Vanessa's doesn't compromise authentic taste and style, as well as affordable prices, for quality ingredients.
3 This place is bleh. They went through recent renovations, and yet this place still looks dirty and old. The only good part about this place are low prices, but they did raise a price about 25 cents due to renovations. You can get  4 fried dumplings about $1.50. It is not bad. However, I really dislike the staff at this place. They are always really rude. One time when I ordered my miso soup, they forgot about it. When I reminded them about it, they gave me something that reminded me of an oily water. I told to replace it and they totally ignored my request. Also, since I'm Asian, they always try to talk to me in different language, which I do not understand. When I tell them I speak only English, they get offended. Hopefully I will never have to come back, unless Im really broke. Fingers crossed.
3 I wasn't too crazy about the dumplings plus there's no other choices as far as Chinese food if you're looking for other alternatives.
3 If you eat here for dinner (like we did), you'll probably be getting one of your cheapest meals in NY.  I had the sesame paste cold noodles (which was hot bc it was freshly made) and ordered the shrimp dumplings boiled. Bf got the sesame bread with duck and he liked it--4/5 he says. My noodles were pretty good, standard...but nothing too QQ or crazy delicious like the hand-pulled noodles you can get elsewhere. The reason I'm not giving it a four star is because even with the cheap (for NY standards) prices, the quality sits at average. I've had noodles that were tenfold better at Xi'an, to compare, with prices that are similar. I was pretty bummed with the green bean congee too, and our shrimp dumplings turned out to have pork in it...so I couldn't eat it. However, bf said that the dumpling skin was cooked pretty tenderly.  Here are some pro tips: they take card (not just AmEx like *cough* Nom Wah dim sum *cough*), have "restaurant hall" style seating like in Asia AKA cramped and efficient, and have one restroom for customers. Their soy milk is yummy, and not overly sweet. WHOOT. We saw plenty of people who ate here after work, couples, and smaller groups--as well as single diners looking for their Chinese fix.  Also, don't get the mung bean congee. It was unexpectedly hot. And tasted like bland dishwater without the soap...like what? I was expecting a cold mung bean soup like what many Asian folks eat for dessert on a hot day. Will be back again, as our friend lives in the area!
4 Vanessa's is always solid but has a few qualms- depending on what you order that is! As ironic as it sounds, I don't think their dumplings are my favorite thing on the menu. I'm not saying they're bad they're far from that but there's nothing special about them. Far from mediocre but also far from great is the best explanation I have. I've had better dumplings next door at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou. As far as I can recall, the price point for both are very similar.   Overall, I wouldn't go out of my way for the dumplings here BUT I most definitely would for their sesame pancakes. First off, they're gigantic. I should've just solely ordered that but me being the glutton that I am, I ordered too much. Under the recommendation of a friend, I've always gotten the duck pancake and refuse to try any other pancake in the fear of it not being as good (very legitimate fear, I know)! They reminded me of banh mi's as they had pickled carrots and cucumbers in it as well. All in all, don't limit yourself to solely the dumplings here- you'll probably find yourself liking something else more.
2 This place used to be great but the owners got super greedy raising the prices by double and giving customers less
4 Vanessa's dumplings and beef pancakes (it was like crack back then, forreal) were basically my staple diet during the 2000s because it was the most affordable and tasty option that satisfied me. With that being said, I have seen this establishment turn for the better or worse throughout the years and my thoughts are evenly split.  On one side, I'm glad that Vanessa's has been growing popularity for quiet some time, mostly thanks to Yelp (geez, the Yelp Effect was real on this one). That usually means an increase in revenue and that translated to money for interior renovations and more staff hires to meet demand (before it was literally a hole-in-a-wall.)  However, on the other hand, all these changes have diminished their food quality and increased their prices. I swear by their beef pancakes during their early humble days because it was that good. This was when they had a separate line for only pancake orders and you have to order from a little window screen outside the storefront. They pull out a fresh bread out of the pan, cut into 8 even slices and make it fresh affront of your eyes. Today, they have a container to store all the pre-cut bread, which is understandable, but it does so by sacrificing quality.   Their dumplings these days often taste too undercooked or overcooked and that can be explained by meeting the demands of influx of customers (tourist?) coming in at sporadic times. Even with that being said, it's still one of the best dumplings you can get in Chinatown.  Not many people experienced Vanessa's dumplings in its glory days (in which case it will get a 5 stars from me), but Vanessa's still delivers the best value.
5 Best cheap tasty dumplings! Spicy pork and shrimp wontons are a must. I also ordered the steamed pork dumplings and it was definitely a new tasty recipe this. This is for sure my new favorite spot in the city!
3 This place is fine!   Came after a movie at Williamsburg cinema. We were hungry and it was late night, we ordered the combo/assortment plate and it was good, I loved the sauce that was drenching everything. My friend got a noodle soup and that was really good too. This is really great drunken late night eats. Is it great quality? I'm not so sure, but I'd def come back.
3 Too bland. The skin of the dumplings are too thick and it taste more salty than I thought.
1 Rude!!! The cashier with an attitude totally pissed me off!  I told her my order & I asked her a question, thats when she throw an attitude.  My children was startled, that's how loud she was.  Never again!    The food, sorry, you can get better dumplings anywhere in the area.  I am Chinese and this is not the authentic dumpling we have in the heart of Chinatown.  The dumpling was bland and they leave this big bottle of soy sauce for you to add onto the flavor.  If you like the taste of soy sauce, then you might like this place.   Such a turn off!
5 I've been coming to this dumpling shop for years. Their pork and chive fried dumplings are my favorite. I will also get the sesame sandwich with pork. Although if you are not a fan of cilantro make sure to tell them not to include it in the sandwich. This place can get crowded so be prepared to wait for a seat or eat standing up outside. Their prices are amazing as well it's super cheap. I highly recommend it if you are in the neighborhood.
4 $6 for spicy shrimp wonton  Pretty good! I have a weird aftertaste not sure if it's the MSG  VIBE: lot of tourists and very crowded, could barely find seats  Cheap and near boba guys on Clinton st  I'd probably get the pancake or the pork chive dumplings if I had to
2 Stopped by this place randomly, my friend and I were hungry. It wasn't as good as I thought it would be and here's why:  -The food was bland. I literally felt like it was fast food and a lot of time and effort wasn't put into it. I got a side order of vegetables and not only did I have to get it from a fridge, but the vegetables were soggy and just gross. Same goes for the dumplings, the water gathered at the bottom and it was just unappetizing. However the food was pretty cheap, so maybe that's something I should consider?  -The place wasn't as clean as I thought it could have been and disorganized. The Buddha in the back looks like it's collecting dust.   - the steamed bun (vegetable) I had was pretty good, it was soft and everything was wrapped up nicely. The service was meh too. I wouldn't come here again unless I had no choice.
5 Best place to go for a cheap quick bite when you need that dumpling fix! Also enjoy their scallion pancake sandwiches. And all around good food at the best prices you'll find in NYC
3 I used to come here all the time as my family business is right across the street and dumplings here are delicious. However, the standard has definitely been lowered and prices have increased.  The basil and chicken boiled dumplings have always been my favorite, but now when I order them, they're all stuck together and the dough is not fully cooked through. Soup has nearly doubled in price and the sesame pancakes have so much grease that it makes them hard to swallow. Also the wait is very long especially during lunch hour.
3 I used to come here when they first opened and was just a hole in the wall. The dumplings were so good. Hot and sour soup was amazing. Fast foward..years now.. I'm a bit disappointed. The soup wasn't the same. Dumplings weren't the same either.  The lines are insanely long.
5 I had not been to Vanessa's in years. We were talking about something like Peking Duck and I thought of Sesame Pancake Sandwich with Duck. We walked over and there was a line of people waiting but it moves very quickly. The inside became much nicer with more seating place than before.   While the price went up to $2 vs. what I had remembers to be $1 per 4 dumplings, it is still a great price for $4.50 for Sesame pancake with roast duck with cucumbers and hoisin sauce. For 2 of the pancakes, 1 Pork & Chive dumplings, spicy cucumber $3 plus water was $15 total.   You do need to know what you will order before you line up - there are menus taped to the counter and order quickly, be ready to pay. Then you wait for your number to be called to pick up your food, served in clear plastic or wax paper. The speed of service is very quick like in Asia.  We liked that there are more seating than before. Wish there were such dumpling place near where I live now. I will miss the no nonsense, inexpensive eating experience. If you are looking for a seat down service experience, Vanessa's Dumpling is not for you.
5 Super Cheap Eats! This little gem is located in Chinatown and the service is quick and fast. The foods are freshly made to order. Highly recommend to order their Sesame Pancake! Since we are basically nonstop eating on this trip, we decide to try their infamous sesame pancake with pork meat! Boy! I'm telling you this triangle Sesame pancake stuffed with fatty pork meats and some pickles in between, the taste is unforgettable and it's super cheap only $3.75 each! They have different selections to choose from, and I wish I have enough room or bigger tummy to fit all the foods! Absolutely loving the freshly doughy smell and taste of the thick sesame pancake and every bite with the fatty pork belly and some refreshing chinese pickles, it gives a great texture of having the softest layer of sesame pancake into delicious pork belly meat along with some veggies pickles. It definitely makes a great savory snack!
1 Very Slow Service Most of the time, the food is ready but the workers dont notice it or dont really bother to do anything. On some day, you can expect to wait up to 30 mins for your food The dumpling are over priced but they can afford to do that because of all the tourist coming here Food taste meh to average Nothing good about the food As someone who lives in the same area as this store,  i don't recommend coming to this store since there are plenty of better options around the area  (Been living in chinatown for 10 years) (Been living near this store for more than 5 years)  Most of the people giving 4 or 5 stars are people who dont come to this store often or arent from this area Trust me People like me who live around chinatown and have come to this store many this times in past will tell you the same thing, this store has gotten worst every year. There are many stores in chinatown with better and cheap food  There is Pho around grand street Plenty of chinese resturant down at canal street and mott street There is even a cheaper dumpling shop near columbus park (there is two dumpling shops there)  Oh ya Threeish blocks down from this store (toward grand street), there is a store called super taste, they got pork buns and good noodles. Service is faster, and its not that expensive for noodles
5 This is my all time favorite place to go to in New York. I started going to this place when I was in elementary school! It's been at least 20 years! The dumplings and hot and sour soup is my all time favorite. I always add extra hot sauce into my soup because I love spice. I also really enjoy their pork sesame pancake. If you're in Chinatown, you definitely need to stop by this place!
1 to me i don't like coming to this place& i'll tell you what the reasons in my option..you don't have to like my option what i think about it..  the staff speaks manderin they're asian''s. i ordered dumpling in small plastic box.to me the cashier kinda rude a woman cashier.there english is not that good.. bathroom is dirty you need a key to open it. table a bite sticky no one clean the tables if you eat inside. place always crowded. they said they use rat mean for dumpling not sure if it true or not? i used to order beef pan cakes it was $2.50 not sure how much is it now for 2018..  again i hate coming to this place to eat.. rude staff it mostly women in there 50's year old.. i'm giving a zero star if  they have..  don't come here wasted your money & time go else where..
5 Great Chinese dumplings.  Small and cramped inside with limited seating. You may find yourself standing and eating.  Worth the trip though.
5 Excellent fried dumplings! So good we went back twice in one day! Only con was it's usually too crowded to sit at a small number of tables. If you don't mind standing or eating on the run - this place is awesome!
5 Delicious delicious delicious!!!! Very well priced! I recommend trying the sesame sandwiches!
4 This cozy little restaurant was packed to the gills when I walked in! You order from the menu first and then go and sit while waiting for your food. They had a special on their dumplings which were hot, fresh, steamed, and delicious. It wasn't too soggy but just right. We also tried the sesame pancake which was actually stuffed with meat, onion, and cilantro. It was a nice pairing of the meat which was a little salty with the warm bread. A good choice for an early dinner snack!! The prices are very reasonable and the staff is very friendly and willing to make recommendations if you have any.
5 Delicious dumplings and small food, especially sesame sandwich & chive and egg pancake!!!!
5 Excellent food and great service!! The food here was made very properly, and they even had the Tangerine Soda sold usually in China! Newly renovated and great wait staff
5 Found this place with a friend from NC looking for something you cant get anywhere. It was a little walk from the Canal st\little Italy area but that have been because I was really hungry. When we arrived, the placed was crowded with people standing along the high top counter and all of the 4 or 5 tables occupied. Fortunately it didn't take long to order. We tried veg dumplings, pork dumplings, pork rolls, and were recommended the sesame pancake pork sandwich. It turned out to be my favorite! The sesame pancake was like a fluffy sweet fried dough (bread) and the pulled pork and carrots on it were good. Tables were stocked with soy sauce and Sriracha. Check this place out for a fun snack to share, or whenever you want a dumplings fix!
5 I grew up eating Vanessa's dumplings and to tell ya the truth.. I'm sad that now they've gained popularity over the years and has become a hipster hangout. Oh.. also sad that dumplings no longer cost $1 (but that's a whole other story). Thankfully all the same aunties work there and they still have their no-frill attitude! ;) which keeps this place authentic. I actually don't even order the dumplings all that often.. what you have to get is the beef scallion pancake. IT IS SO GOOD AND I CAN EAT IT EVERYDAY FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE! they also make a tuna scallion pancake (probably for the hipsters) cause Asians don't eat canned tuna... anyway, drizzle some soy sauce, vinegar, sriracha and you will be thanking me for blessing your tastebuds.
5 Awesome place for some down to earth dumplings after a long day at work. Dumplings and sandwiches are both great and quite cheap. Try it out
1 This place is getting worse and worse. I am a Chinatown native and have been going to this place for 15+ years. I am not joking when I say this, every time I go the owner's altitude seem to get worse. The price keeps increasing and the quality of food is declining. Right now it is 4 dumpling for $2.00 and the $4.50 for the roast duck pancake (my go to). What gets me is the lack of customer service and appreciation for our business. I totally agree with some of the reviewers that mention the horrible service and average at best foods.   One example: The owner runs register, she will not greet anyone or thank anyone for their business. Whenever I order, it feel like she was doing me a favor serving me food. Did I not pay for the food? Today I was waiting to order my food and I look at her, she f**king gave me an eye roll and "sort of" guide me to the lady next to her on the register with her eyeballs: Like she is too good to take my order. What the F**K is this. I never felt so unwelcome at a food place before. The other people serving you food are not much better. What happen to saying thank you or showing respect for your customers. They literally throw your order in front of you and expect you to pick it up like a dog.   I can't wait for another dumpling shop to open and take over. This place is nothing more than a tourist trap and the food is average at best. The skins gets thicker while the meat decrease. It is no wonder why recently every time I go / pass by there is no longer a line waiting like it used to be. I am never coming back and will tell everyone I know to avoid this place.   All other dumpling house in Chinatown make the same & delicious dumplings. Bring your business there, they will appreciate you more.
3 One of the few decent places left in chinatown.  I am very sad about their recent changes.  The prices went up and the quality went down. Why are they learning from our MTA system? No good.   I usually get their pork and chive dumplings and sometimes a roasted pork pancake. They were normally made to order so everything is fresh and hot.   I got the same thing again today and my dumplings were nearly cold. My entire pancake was straight up cold with very veeeeery little pork (I guess it's usually the meat and stuff inside that warms up the entire pancake but today's meat scraps just did not do the trick). Fortunately, the meat was still very juicy and yummy.
4 Vanessa's dumpling house is a great on the go kind of food. My favorite are their pork and chives dumplings, and roasted pork pancake. Those would always be my go-to grab and go food. I would also get their cold soy milk from the refrigerator. I personally really like their soy milk.   I do have to point out that I find their prices fairly expensive because i grew up eating here, and it used to be 5 for $1. I also find their fried dumplings aren't as tasty as they were about 5 months ago. I find that the busier restaurants get, the more they slack in food quality. I would recommend this place for people who are looking for cheap eats, something fast, and on the go. Only downfall is the long wait times during lunch and dinner hours. The wait and line isn't too bad when you go in the "in-between" hours.   Price: 4/5 Taste: 3.5/5  Overall value: 3.75-4/5
5 Very busy establishment and small, but the dumplings are good!  You don't want to sit at a table with so many passing too close to you...! This staple has always been affordable.  Funny thing for me its not located in Chinatown, since I live relatively close, I don't mind going there! I brought my dumplings home to heat and eat...
4 My go-to easy cheap satisfying meal! It's always crowded there, sometimes you have to wait a little while for your food to be ready, but you can also call and order ahead. My favorites include the wontons in spicy sauce (my ultimate favorite) and the kimchi pancake. I also like their dipping sauce which is vinegary, not just soy sauce.
5 Vanessa's Dumpling House was reopening and made the place very big. The reopening started at Wednesday August 1st
5 The dumplings were AMAZING! Everything came out hot and fresh. The place was recommended by a friend and I will definitely be coming back. The portions are pretty good and it's a good amount to share with friends.
1 Had to wait almost half hour for an order of dumplings with spicy sauce & a fish ball soup.  The owner also runs register, she did not greet anyone neither thanking people for their business. This is worst place to be. Food are okay. Nothing is better here. All other dumpling house in Chinatown make the same & delicious dumplings.
5 LOVE VANESSA DUMPLINGS! Cheap and great quality and it was super fast. I'd come back again for all you dumpling lovers!   The steam dumplings were pretty good except I wasn't a fan of the vegetable dumplings. The others were great and the friend pan one as well.
3 This place is a classic dive, with all that entails: good fried food, rock bottom prices, rude staff, and a dingey dining area. I don't know that it will impress any dumpling aficionados, but it certainly left me satisfied.
5 The original dumpling house for Vanessa's! Dumplings are freshly made to go and taste is awesome! Pork and chives dumplings!!
4 Though the food is cheap, every bite is so delicious. We ordered steamed spicy dumplings and pork buns - felt full and satisfied thereafter. Pork bun dough was a bit chewier than others I have had before (ie. Food Gallery 32 bunns in Koreatown) but enjoyable. FYI, the menu is laminated and taped to the counter, leaving little time to read and decide what you want when it's crowded.
5 no frills spot with a great price/quality food offer. I've been here twice in 3 days and had vegetables steamed dumplings the first time, 8 pieces 5 bucks. Not bad eh? Delicious. Second time I had shrimp dumplings and steamed bun with vegetables, once again great, 6.50. Love the rapid and friendly service, facility needs definitely a cleanup. I'd get rid of the big round table, it can make save some space and add some more solutions. The neighborhood has nice parks around, take your food to go and have it there, you'll not be disappointed
2 I am consistently underwhelmed by Vanessa's, and yet I thought I'd give it another shot. After all, Yelpers seem to LOVE it.   Here's the thing: it's always full of tourists, and they seem to rely on Yelp, so it's a viscous circle of reviews and full tables.  The dumplings are OK. I just had an order of pork & chives which was blazing hot and an order of pork & cabbage which was lukewarm to cold. From order time to getting my tray was less than 60 seconds. Yes, it's cheap, but they just push the food out, and don't really need to care about quality.   It shows.  I think I'll leave Vanessa's to the out-of-towners and stick with places on Essex or East Broadway...same prices, better food. No brainer.
3 I found this place on our recent visit to NYC when I found out that my favorite spot Prosperity Dumpling in Chinatown had closed. Vanessa's is a bit larger than Prosperity was, with some inside seating and a larger waiting area. When we visited it was very busy, and there wasn't a clear indication of where you line up to order versus the people waiting for orders already placed. There was a fairly large staff working for such a small place, and the cooking area is visible from the waiting area so we enjoyed watching how the food was prepared. The prices at Vanessa's are very low, 5 dumplings for 1.75. They had other items as well, such as sesame pancake sandwiches, soups etc. We got two different kinds of dumplings, some shrimp wontons, and a sesame pancake sandwich. Our order took over 20 minutes to be completed but the food was mostly still very hot. The dumplings have a thicker skin which makes them doughier than some other styles, but the flavor was good. We liked the Pork and Cabbage dumplings best. Our friend had the shrimp wontons and did not enjoy them. The sesame pancake sandwich was good, we got beef and I wish we had tried the pulled pork but we were too full at that point. All in all, a very inexpensive meal and a fun stop in Chinatown. We would definitely stop by again.
5 Affordable price and good quality!!! Im so happy that I have found a good dumping place.
4 I didn't try the dumplings so can't review these but I did try the sesame pancake sandwich and it was good, not great as I was expecting more with the hype about this place so a little disappointed here. Will be back soon to try the dumplings tho as they looked delicious m.
3 This place was very crowded at around noon. You order at the cashier (minimum credit card transaction $15) and wait for your number to be called. Went by pretty quickly, though! I ordered the scallion pancake with Peking duck. The pancake was yummy - a little bit too oily but I enjoyed the prominent scallion taste. However, it could do with more filling since I barely tasted the duck and felt like the meat didn't add much to the pancake.
3 The boiled chive and pork dumplings were piping hot and good.  The pork fried bun was delicious too.  Overall food wise it was a 4/5 but the downgrade was for the 20 min wait in order to procure the egg and chive pancake, the 5th item of my order.
3 Honestly, a little bit underwhelming. I had come in craving some authentic dumplings, and I had heard Vanessa's was the place to go. With cash in hand ($15 min for card), I was really hoping that this place would live up to my expectations.  We ordered the shrimp dumplings (8), pan fried pork dumplings (3), and the sesame pancake with Peking duck. I wasn't personally bothered by the thick skin of the dumplings (reminded me of truly homemade ones), but the filling was not up to par. The shrimp dumplings were okay, the pan fried ones just a sad replica of true Shanghainese pan fried pork dumplings.   I'd say the true star of the show was the sesame pancake. Really just so crisp and fluffy, despite it being so thick (not too bready at all). I honestly could just eat the pancake alone and be happy. At $4, it was a great price for Peking duck. I only wish the skin was more crisp.  Would probably only come back for the pancake.
5 So awesome. I will go back. Every time I'm in NYC. The flavor of the pork and chive pan fried dumplings is perfect. You get four of these for approximately $1.50. I also had the steamed shrimp dumplings which I didn't care for. But that's just personal preference and taste. I also had (yes I tried different items :-) the sesame pancake with veggies which is pretty much a sandwich filled with shredded carrots and cucumbers. So gooood!!!! I got these three items and a can of soda for $11.50. You can't beat that!!!
4 There is nothing like finding a rock to center you in New York, and that's Vanessa's for me. I've gone several times with different people and each time the experience is as consistent as it gets: Packed, hard to find a place to sit, good food, great prices. Clearly it's no secret that this place is a solid choice for cheap eats in Chinatown.  The vegetarian dumplings are just alright. My favorite menu item is the sesame pancake with vegetables. For less than $3 it's a decent sized meal; add it onto an order of dumplings and you've got a feast. The pancake isn't too oily either.  I still haven't mastered the best time to go to Vanessa's in terms of beating the rush, but I most recently had luck going for a late lunch on a weekday. Regardless, ordering and picking up your food is always organized chaos; hard to predict how long your order will take, especially when it's not a straightforward order of dumplings. Oh well, it's a small price to pay for what you get.  Out-of-towners, this place is an institution that shouldn't be missed. I'd go more often if I lived closer to Chinatown.
3 I can't trash this place because I do respect my Asian food. The restaurant itself was a struggle to find, maybe because my sister and I were blind and were unable to find the sign -__-  We came here for one thing and one thing only. Maybe we shouldn't have ordered it here, but we wanted to check out this spot based on its great reviews. We got the spicy wontons, which wasn't what I expected. I expected a more vinegar taste, but it was actually pretty bland. It had bits and pieces of garlic and cilantro and hot chili oil on the bottom inside the cup that it came in, but it really had no flavor.   I saw that everyone was ordering their dumplings so maybe we should've gotten that. The prices were actually really impressive! It was about $5.50 for spicy wontons and dumplings range from $1.75-$5.50, so I would come back to try the dumplings. However, if you're trying to find a place with spicy wontons, I would pass on this place.
2 It was cheap, sure, but it was just not that great. Or that good. The dough of the dumplings was thick and chewy, distracting from the taste of the insides. That being said, there wasn't much taste to distract from in the first place. Had to drench it all in soy sauce and - okay, I don't understand why there's Sriracha here. It's not a pho place, give me some 老干妈 (an OG Chinese chili sauce).
5 The perfect hole in the wall restaurant. Come here for the dumplings and stay here for the buns. On a hot summer night, this is a great place to have dinner of get a snack. Service isn't the fastest but they are very nice.
2 I used to go to this place to buy frozen dumplings and lots of other things. It was always good. Recent time I bought a bag of chicken dumplings. After cooking it at home, it doesn't taste as good as before. The meat doesn't even taste like chicken. Guess that I will not come back again for any dumplings. I also bought steamed bun with read bean and vegetables. None of them worth the price. Still like it's sesame flat bread and will keep buying it.
5 Amazing dumpling place. Although a very small place with few tables, it serves the most tastiest dumplings. We had the vegetarian dumplings, sesame pancakes also vegetarian which was good too. Dumplings take a little more time but it's worth the wait.
3 I won't be going here again. We got 3 types- vegetable, pork & chive, and chicken & basil. Price came out to $14 which was the best part. Can't complain about the number of dumplings (there are about 8 in each plate). But the taste is really not there. Super bland in all the dumpling fillings and the skin is thick. I like my dumpling skins thinner.  The staff is friendly enough but really the service is non existent. There's no one cleaning the tables after a party leaves and you pick up the food from the counter yourself after they call out your number.  I've had better dumplings in places that aren't even dumpling-focused.  Disappointed and won't be returning!
2 Not sure what the fuzz is about .. doughy dumplings with not much flavor .. I tried the boiled ones ..
1 If I could give this place a negative review I would. I went here yesterday with my cousins and 2 kids. We ordered 2 orders of dumplings, a noodle soup, and a scallion pancake. They gave us 2 forks and 1 spoon. No extra plates. We asked for some small containers so the children could have some noodle soup, they charged $1 extra and then we asked for some plates to split food and chopsticks. They refused to give us any extra napkins or utensil to use and told us that they would if we ordered  more food. Meanwhile we tipped them prior and gave them $1 extra. They are rude, inconsiderate and the food isn't even that good. I would never go back
3 The spicy wonton and sesame sandwich were very nice and flavorful but the fried dumplings were a disappointment. The dumpling shell was too hard and they were over cooked. The place doesn't have a lot of place to sit. Ended up going to another place for dumplings.
4 Been here several times and always hits the spot. You can get a full meal for $5 or less. Pork and chive dumplings are tasty and fresh. Service is pretty quick and seating is generally available. I have also had the scallion pancake, just okay, really is just bread with some scallions but dumplings are superb. Great option if you're looking for a cheap meal.
4 I wasn't a huge fan of the steam dumplings. I felt like I should've gotten it fried....   However, for the price and amount you get is superb and would definitely come back. I came here with my friend after eating some dumplings at a Time Square booth and went on a hunt for Pho and more dumplings.  I got the boiled regular chicken dumplings, my friend got the boiled spicy chicken both $8/each.  The store is wide but short in length so it gets very crowded easily. There's also limited seating.   I would try this place again for the simple fact that the price is great, the seasoning of the meat is awesome and it's definitely an experience.  There is a bathroom inside but it isn't clean. My friend told me someone threw up on the seat??? Geez.
4 Come here for an authentic taste of China that barely makes a dent in your wallet! The service was friendly and I appreciated that the girl let us use a credit card despite our total being just short of the credit card minimum. We got wontons with spicy sauce, boiled chive and pork dumplings, and a sesame pancake with peking duck - all for only $13.50! The peking duck sesame pancake was huge, greasy, and delicious. Even though this place is Vanessa's ~Dumpling~ House, I didn't think the dumplings were that good because the filling lacked flavor. They were just very generic to me. The wontons were similar to the dumplings, but the sauce added the needed spicy kick.   Tip: for dessert, go around the corner to Soft Swerve for some palate-cleansing, unique soft serve!
4 Cheap and good.. reminded me of China.  Love the authenticity, this place is perfect. You want to get a couple orders of #1 and #2s.   Need to come to China town more often, better and cheaper food than upper east.    Now I need to find a good soup dumpling spot.
4 Went to Vanessa's Monday with two good friends. I had the pork and chive dumplings and the sesame pancake. the pancake is more like a focaccia than what I was expecting but very delicious. Dumplings were delish. Ordering system is very quick and chinatown style. You have to hold on to your ticket. This place is very popular so may be a challenge to snag a table but I was able to do so.
5 Oh man, this place is delicious and amazingly cheap. I don't understand how this place can exist. Probably because like 100 people swing by here every half an hour. It's crazy! It might take you 20 minutes to get food, but if that's the price to get some delicious food, then yes it is worth it.  To start there are so many kinds of dumplings! From vegetable to shrimp, I'm sure these small little guys will satisfy you. If not, then make sure to watch them be cooked in large quantities and make your mouth water. Then for the main course, their sesame pancake sandwiches are to die for! I was with my friend trying to find Peking Duck for a cheap price in Chinatown, but this is the only place we could find. We got a Peking Duck sesame pancake sandwich for only around $4! And it is HUGE! So huge we almost couldn't finish it!  Overall, great place run by great people for a cheap price! If you're in Chinatown don't miss this delicious restaurant!
4 A a little bit greasy here , so the boiled dumplings are the way to go ! They're cheap and pretty good for what they are. Yes you can get better homemade dumplings, but not with as much ease as you can by going to Vanessa's.   This location seems cleaner to than the 14th st location and if you go later in the evening on a week day, you don't have to worry about fighting for a table or waiting in long lines.
4 My friend and I were tired from a day of walking and exploring so we were craving some cheap eats, and we had just watched a buzzfeed video on Peking Duck recently so we really wanted to get a snack with Peking duck. I know this place is known for its dumplings so this might not be super relevant. This is specifically for its sesame pancake with Peking duck.  We definitely came at a busy time because there was quite a wait. But the price is very solid ($4) for a slice of duck sesame pancake. Definitely would recommend to eat with the sauces on the table because the pancake is pretty blend otherwise. I will come back and try the dumplings a different time!
5 There aren't enough stars to give!! Every time we come to NYC our first stop is always Vanessa's. The spice dumplings are top notch and the pork and chive are a close second. There is always a line but it moves pretty quick. The only negative is seating is scarce.
5 The scallion pancake sandwiches from Vanessa's  are divine. My favorite is the duck filled ones, but they are all so flavorful. At 4$ and under, it's easy to buy one for now and one for later. Anytime I'm near by, I pop in for a snack.   The pan fried pork buns are great too. Filled with glass noodle, mushroom, and pork, they have a nice juicy bounce when you bite into them. $1.75 for three is just CRAZY!   The people who work at the shop are very friendly, and their system of cooking, steaming, frying and serving is very impressive to watch as you wait for your number to be called.   Soups are good too. Very simple, but so comforting. The hot and sour and fish ball ones are my favorite.
2 Here's what you need to know about the dumplings: the outer layer is unusually thick. You feel like you are chewing on a flour dough and the inner filling are sub par in quality and disappointing in terms of proportion. I liked the shrimp dumpling better over the chicken dumpling. I am certain there are better dumpling spots for that price range.
3 I have been to Vanessa's twice. First time was years ago. Second time was today. I had a great first impression of this place and that's why I came back. After trying out a few other dumpling places in Manhattan, I don't know if this place is worth all the hype.  The restaurant is very small, hot and humid. It is obviously not the cleanest place. You order at the counter and they call your order number when the order is ready. Your order must be $15 or more for you to be able to pay with credit card.  Otherwise, you have to pay cash. There is an ATM outside the restaurant.   I had to wait quite a while for my order. The people that work there do not seem to show a sense of urgency despite many people waiting on their food.   My favorite things here are the pork dumplings with spicy sauce and shrimp soup dumplings. The soup dumplings aren't as soupy as some other dumplings I have had. The dumpling dough is a little too thick in my opinion. I like the hot sauce on the pork dumplings. I think they are made as you order so they do come out very hot.    Would I recommend this restaurant? Sure, if you want to cross it off your list. Would I come back here? Probably not, due to the numerous other options available.
5 Overall: The location was hidden in Chinatown, but we were able to locate it.  My friend and I ordered the sesame pancake with pork and dumplings.  The place was small with limited seats.  Since we were coming from SF, my friend and I researched and yelped the eateries in NY.  I'm glad we found Vanessa's.  We enjoyed both dishes.
4 A staple and very inexpensive! Hard to resist giving full stars just based on the value you get!   Their Pork and Chives boiled dumplings and Shrimp & Pork wontons are awesome. The dumplings are a bit more thick-skinned (which is to my liking) compared to dumplings from other places, and the wontons with spicy sauce is very authentic.   Also try their scallion pancake. It's as thick as a textbook!
2 What happened? I remember when Vanessa's first opened, it was the place to get good dumplings for cheap. Wanting to treat myself to a fried snack, I went to Vanessa's for their fried dumplings, and got two orders. Both were terrible! The dumplings were not fried at all. They were super soggy and soaked in oil. It was extremely doughy. Each fried dumpling order comes with 4 pieces. I was so disappointed with my dumplings and didn't know what to do because the place was so stuffy, packed, and dark, and there were so many customers lined up against the counter that I didn't bother telling them about the disappointing dumplings. I also looked at the tables next to me, and noticed all their fried dumplings were super soggy and limp looking, so it wasn't just my order.   I also ordered the sesame and beef pancake, however it was too bready and not enough filling. They barely gave any picked veg with it. However, the pancake itself was fine.  Finally, I ordered the chive and egg pancake, and it was really disappointing. Mostly bread.   Overall, super disappointing. Go across the street and try the boiled dumplings at Shu Jiao Fu Zhou Cuisine Restaurant instead.
1 Got hair inside my dumpling........poor service without apology. I will not go to this restaurant anymore. Not recommended...............
4 Alright ... is this place clean? Heck no. Dirty? Heck yes. But is the food damn good? Oh yea baby.   If you like eating delicious dumplings with loud ass Asians yelling and screaming at each other in the background ... this is the place for you!!  Arrived on Saturday at 1045am. Wasn't packed yet but after I finished eating at 1120a, place was packed.  I ordered the spicy pork dumplings and the Chinese pancakes with pork.  Spicy pork dumplings: 4.5 out of 5.0. Juicy. Super piping hot. Pork was nicely rolled into a ball. Scallions and chili all over the top. Yum yum yum   The pork pancakes: 2 out of 5. Why are people raving about this? It's nothing great. Dry and just blah. I've honestly had way way way better Chinese pancakes in Cali. Blah not my favorite item. The pork itself was freaking dry! Do you like dry pork? If so, come here. Lol dry pulled pork. Yeah you're like "ew" right now Bc I said that when I was eating it.   Anyway come here for the spicy dumplings!! Just get that and you'll enjoy.
3 Grew up going to this place very frequently and was a loyal customer even before they got super famous. I still go there now but less for their dumplings and more for their sesame pancakes, they are so good! The prices are really good as well especially for the people who have a budget that they need to stick to or simply want a "bang for their buck."  So why 3 stars you ask? (Or you didn't) LOL. In all honesty, along the way I felt that they had changed their recipe. In the beginning their dumplings came bursting with juices the moment you bit into it and the skin was not as thick as it is now. I mean I can see how that could be dangerous as they are served hot (perhaps that's why they changed it?) but that was an experience that I still reminisce about. Don't get me wrong though, the dumplings are still good, theyre just not the same. It's sort of like, once you had the good stuff you can't go back. You know what I mean?
3 I have been dying to try out these famously cheap but delicious dumplings from Vanessas forever and during a stroll through Chinatown I got to them! The place is wide but seating is limited. Theres room for maybe 25 people maximum (2 tables for 6 and a handful of 2-tops). Do not expect anything super clean nor in any way super presentable. Just an old establishment with old tables. You order at the counter and pray for a seat!  I ordered 8 steamed pork & chive dumplings and don't get me wrong they were really good ... but something was lacking. The steamed dumplings lack flavour so I ended up sorta drowning them in the vinegar/soy sauce mixture LOL that made them quite yummy but I dont wanna drown my dumplings to enjoy them :/ Alas, this way they were pretty decent. However I probably won't run here when Im craving dumplinfs again ;P
4 Perfect stop for the quick fix of hunger. (Dependent on how long the line is!) I guess it helps a little that the dumplings are FIRE.  I recommend the hot and spicy dumplings, and never leave without the sesame pancake.  That being said, I don't normally dine in and I dislike the card minimum being $15. I can understand 10, but when you are eating for 1 person, it gets to be too much food.  If you want to just grab some cheap takeout though- this is your best bet.
2 I love dumplings so naturally I was excited to check out this spot. I decided to keep it simple and get 8 pork and chive dumplings. It was really cheap at 3.27 and I was absolutely starving so it wouldn't take much to please me. Sadly the dumplings are disappointing. The dough is a tad too thick and usually a slight burst of juiciness explodes in my mouth when I take a bite but that did not happen here. There wasn't much flavor. A lot of doughiness and not much else. The soy and sriracha don't help much. The sandwiches look good so I may return again to try those but def skip the pork and chive dumpling.
4 I would definitely recommend this spot if you are craving Singaporean/ Malaysian comfort foods in NYC. Very few restaurants in NY actually make a wide variety of authentic Singaporean and Malaysian food (FYI "Singapore noodles" doesn't exist in Singapore). So for all you Singaporean and Malaysian transplants in NYC this is a must go when you need a nice reminder of the food back home.  That being said not all the dishes here are created equal. the food is definitely a treat and a pretty darn good version of the dishes at home even if not quite as good as the best you can get from Singapore and Malaysia.  I would say the Chicken and Chicken rice, beef rendang, Curry Ayam (Chicken), roti prata and Sambal Kang Kong are the best of their authentic Dishes.
4 Came in for lunch. Tried to order a variety of items to get a better perspective because the restaurant is highly rated. Pleased to say, we had a good time. Only disclaimer, many of the dishes have dried fish paste as a key ingredient and that can be a deal breaker for those who haven't tried foreign cuisines.
5 Amazing as usual. I love this place. I am so glad to be back here. The food taste good. Atmosphere feels wonderful. And the service and attention to customer was wonderful.
5 I've been going to this place since 2013 and I've yet to be disappointed. Quality of food is consistently good. Price point is within expectable range and service is good as well. One of my favorite restaurants.
4 Likes - good foods - friendly staffs  - closed to subway and citi bike.   Dislikes - cash only
5 Best hainanese chicken in nyc. Chicken broth rice is legit too. Those are the main 2 things I order here. Everything else is too oily for my liking.
5 Ordered many dishes including Oyster Omelette, Indian Mee Goreng, Pineapple Fried Rice, Asam Laksa and Hainanese Chicken w/ Rice. They were all very delicious. Super hungry so didn't have a chance to take a pic. The dishes are a bit small. Asam laksa is not acceptable by many people but it was so delicious. The noodles were nice and chewy and the broth was so perfect.
4 Cash only  Tasty char kway teow - restaurant has some outdoor seating during covid - two tables with space heater.
4 Cash only Malaysian restaurant. We ordered takeout during COVID-19 as there was no indoor dining. There were a couple of tables for two outside. I ordered the chow kueh teow. This dish features short flat noodles stirred fried with shrimp, squid, and bean sprouts. It very well seasoned with lots of flavor and a little bit of spiciness which starts to become evident about halfway through. The order was ready very quickly and the dish retained its heat very well.
5 Appreciations to yelp for recommending Nyonya. Affordable rates for this area. If you do not know what to order, choose Prawn Mee Soup, it is just yummy. All of the staff are super courteous - you certainly feel welcome and looked after. I can't say enough, but I think I have.
4 Food is good but they are getting prohibitively expensive. Authentic Asian food but their price is not worth it anymore. Sad because this use to be my go to.
5 So glad that they remain open during these trying times of 2020. I first ate at this restaurant way back in 1993. It was the first Malaysian restaurant I had visited in NYC at the time and in 37 years I have not found its equal in terms of authenticity and taste.   Let's try to support our local businesses as much as we can.
4 ** CASH ONLY **  This place is a hit or miss. I came here about three times now, once pre-COVID and twice during COVID.  I'm a vegetarian, so vegetarian options are important to me. The selection isn't amazing, but there are a few vegetable dishes and some appetizers. It's not bad.  If you're not a vegetarian, you should definitely should give this place a try. Lots of selections for you.  The dishes I ordered were not bad. I really enjoyed the sizzling tofu dish and the roti.  Service can be a hit or miss. I believe they were still adjusting to the outdoor dining (and understaffed) when I came in September, but when I came the third time, there was more staff on site and service was much better!  Prices are quite reasonable!   Give this place a try.
1 The taste was terrible, couldn't believe we had that terrible foods ever. We ordered Penang Asam Laksa, clay pot pearl noodles soup and spareribs Malaysian  with rice. The first two were disgusting , don't know how to describe  the  taste. The spareribs were big chunk which couldn't eat it well. We had the Hainanese chicken over rice and curry beef and chicken which were all good as usual.  All three orders we couldn't even finish half dish of them. We were expected the good foods since all restaurants not that busy at all as the Covid. Won't order these dishes anymore!!
4 Does this place need more reviews? Went there on 11/21/20 and they have indoor dining. The tables are quite far apart and they do temperature check if you want to dine indoor. Typically, there'd be short wait but due to COVID, we were able to just get a table for 2 straight away during peak dinner hours.   We ordered the Hainanese Chicken, Char Kway Teow, watercress, and chicken rice. They're all very delicious! Portion was fairly generous and I'd say that's enough for 3 people.   Cash only!
2 Gotta be honest, i was pretty disappointed by this place.   I tried their rice noodle seafood tom yum and their hainanese chicken.  The tom yum while generous with seafood, was so boring. They used the premade paste so it tasted literally the same exact as your local dive thai takeout. It was not remotely authentic, the broth was boring and tasted watered down. They get 1 star though for being generous with seafood.  I wanted to see how their hainan chicken compared to my fav which is Khao Mun Gai. Not even a contest. Their hainan chicken was bland and the rice was the height of boring unlike the flavorful Khao Mun Gai. Not coming back again.
5 The Hainan chicken was so delicious, I ordered the coconut rice and also very flavorful. Chicken was very tender and juicy,a little bit over price,15$ for half chicken,but definitely worth it, will come back .
5 Delicious Malaysian food with excellent service. We came in on a rainy day and were surprised with flavorful food and a clean and well-distanced setup. Would love to come back again!
4 Super happy to have tried Malaysian food in New York. My friend and I came here for outdoor dining on a weekend afternoon, and pleasantly enjoyed both meal and service. Friendly reminder that Nyonya is cash-only!  Roti Canai - Savory Indian-influenced flatbread served with a curry dipping sauce. Warm, flakey layers would break off every time we tore into the bread.   Prawn Mee - I loved every part of this noodle dish. There was a good mix of shrimp, chicken, bean sprouts, and spinach, and the egg noodles were surprisingly springy. But I loved the soup most of all, with its distinct salty, slightly spicy, shrimp broth. I drank most of the soup only to realize that I'll probably be dehydrated for the rest of the afternoon.  Char Kuey Teow - Popular fried noodle dish made with dark soy sauce, squid, bean sprouts, and other vegetables. A bit greasy, but that's to be expected.
4 Authentic and delicious Malaysian food! My friends and I went on a night after indoor dining was opened, and we got seated right away inside after the temperature scan.   Food was delicious, authentic, and cheap. We ordered Hainanese chicken, Prawn Mee soup, seafood rice noodle and one other dish.   Prawn mee soup for me was a show stopper. The shrimp soup base was sooo delicious. For anyone that's seafood lover, I'd highly recommend.   Only downside was that there were quite a few people with indoor dining, and I am not sure if there was good ventilation in place.
4 I'm not the best judge of Malaysian authenticity but the food here is rather exquisite and interesting. Unfortunately, the waiters I had were a bit inexperienced and kept on giving me the wrong order but the food made up for it. The dessert was a bit questionable but maybe I'll something else in the menu next time.
2 While the menu is massive, the variety is extremely repetitive.   The wait staff is curt though effective.   The quality of the protein used is below average, with using chicken diced fine beyond recognition and most meats covered in sauce.  The outdoor atmosphere is lacking lights and any form of added beauty.
4 I like this place but cannot fathom Nyonya is still cash only, in this day and age. It's so inconvenient.   The Hainan chicken and bean sprouts starters are my favorites.
4 Wonton soup was really tasty with the hot sauce added. There was a lot of wontons in my dish along with Chinese broccoli which made me happy. The bowl is a good size for $11.00. The only thing i wish it had were the slices of pork and the side of fried noodle like the traditional wonton soup but this was hood. Next time I come I'll order more food.
5 Nyonya has been one of my favorite places to go to with friends after work since they have such a large menu and so far everything I've tried on the menu has been good. Some of my favorites on the menu include the Haianese Chicken (in general it's one of my loved comfort foods) and Curry Mee with Shredded Chicken Soup (the noodles soak the curry sauce right up - it's great!). Other dishes my friends and I have ordered and enjoyed include the Roti Prata and stir fried pearl shaped noodles. I've also ordered the ginger duck soup and really enjoyed how filling and flavorful it was -- it's especially soothing if you've come down with a sore throat or cold which is usually when I order it. Overall, highly recommend trying this place out.
4 The food here is absolutely delicious and deserves 5/5 but the service is a little slow and inattentive. Regardless of that I would still return and definitely recommend! They have outdoor dining for social distancing!
5 From the roti canai and beef rendang to the oolong tea, Nyonya provides a tremendously satisfying experience. This is probably my favorite place to bring friends in Lower Manhattan. Fast service, delicious food, no frills.
5 This place is great! Service is on point, the food is wonderful and flavorful, and the prices are great.  Indont think anyone can go wrong with an item here. Everything looked and tasted great.  Will def be back :)
5 Seaweed seafood soup is fantastic. So is the salt fish fried rice which comes with chicken and shrimp.
5 This is the best Penang style food I have tasted in a restaurant. Ordered beef satay and peanut sauce and nasi lemak. The satay was delicious and the peanut sauce was authentic. Nasi lemak was good too.
4 I ordered the beef chow fun and beef tripe noodle soup. The menu says the beef tripe noodle soup is spicy but I didn't taste no spiciness in it at all not even a tad bit. But the serving size is very generous. There's a lot of beef tripe there. Not a lot of restaurants give a lot of meat in their noodle soup. The beef chow fun was flavorful. I like how they give us disposable utensils. This place only accepts cash. They still make everything on the menu so that's great! A lot of places have limited choice on their menu now. Also the service is a bit slow but I think it's bc there's only one waitress working at that time. So just be understandable.
1 I'm disappointed. Service still good. I ordered the chicken drumstick over flavored rice. The rice was bland and not as flavorful. They chopped the chicken leg so that I only got a 1/4 lengthwise of the drum. I understand costs are up and am willing to pay and support local businesses. But don't cut portions and increase price. I'll go again in the near future and hope my experience today was just a blip.
4 I did a pandemic pickup last night, I know Nyonya has been around for a long time but last night was the first time I tried their food and I have to say, I thought their food was delicious. And it made it even more impressive since I got the food to go and the food probably took about 20 mins of transport before we actually started to eat but the food held up well. And I will make it a point of mention, I called in to do the order, I would rather talk to some and place the order so they don't have to get dinged with any third party app fees. Also, they are cash only.  The food:  Shrimp with Eggplant Malaysian Style- Hot and spicy. This was the shocker dish, I was surprised how much I enjoyed this dish. I thought the flavor of the shrimp paste was awesome with the tenderness of the eggplant went perfectly together. Highly recommend.  Beef Rendang- Tender pieces of beef simmered with exotic spices (cinnamon and cloves) and lemongrass in coconut milk. Hot and spicy. The flavor of this was delicious, the curry was so rich and the flavor was so pronounced. The only issue I had was the first piece I had was so melt in my mouth tender but the second piece was a bit dry and more chewy. It wasn't the fat content, think it was just where on the animal it was cut from, but regardless still a dish to get.  Sizzling Nyonya Tofu Platter- Lightly fried egg tofu with minced pork, minced shrimp, Chinese mushrooms, carrot, green pepper, broccoli and snow peas served in chef's special sauce. Hot and spicy. I thought the flavor of this was great, I really liked the texture of the tofu but I did find this a tad too sweet. Also, I didn't really care for all the filler vegetables in the dish.  Achat- Vegetables pickled in turmeric powder and spicy herbs with sesame seeds and peanuts. Hot and spicy. I never had this before but wow was this good, it felt like a nice pickled vegetable palate cleanser. I thought the sweet and sour was a nice flavor profile and the crispiness of the vegetable offered a nice textural contrast.  Kang Kung Belacan- Sauteed convolvulus with spicy Malaysian shrimp paste sauce. Hot and spicy. I am a big fan of shrimp paste with vegetables, I thought the flavor was great and the veg was cooked well but I did find this to be on the salty side.  Curried Chicken with Rice- Served with bone. Hot and spicy. Overall, this was just so so to me. The flavor was OK but had too much of a premade/paste from a container flavor to me. For me, it lacked a depth of flavor.  Chicken Broth Rice- I don't normally write about rice but their chicken broth rice was bangin! This is the rice they serve you with Hainanese Chicken but we ordered it as a side to eat with our food and it was so aromatic and delicious. This is a must get
5 After several months of playing it safe, we get to stop by at one of my favorite comfort food restaurants--   From a dozen cooks and a bevy of servers, the restaurant is now down to four cooks and two waiters and merely a few tables on the tourist-less sidewalks of NOLITA. Sad aftermath but I'm glad they survived the last five months of lockdown and didn't have to close at all. I passed many other smaller operations in Little Italy that are now closed.   Places are closing earlier than usual too. Very unusual and funereal atmosphere. It's hard not to be .  Nyonya, Grand Street August 2020
3 Standard New York City Malaysian cuisine. Hianese chicken, pearl noodles, roti, etc. Good value and quick service if you happen to be in the area.
5 I love spicy food and this restaurant delivers the spice lol. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown and I always try to come here whenever I'm in town. The food is super delicious and fresh. This is hands down the best Malaysian restaurant in NYC
4 I'll start the review by saying that the food here was a bit on the greasier side. Like Panda Express greasy.   However, I found the food to be consistent with the food I've had in Malaysia and Singapore. All of the food was delicious and while it was sauce-heavy, that's what you sign up for when you order food from this part of the world!  Two hiccups - firstly, there were several dishes that weren't available, both times we came. Secondly, we asked for boneless crepe+curry and we were given curry that wasn't boneless.   Otherwise, it was tasty and we will be back!
5 Nyonya is such a great place for Malaysian food, the times that I went I was always seated immediately and the food was delicious. This place is definitely great but like most other Malaysian restaurants it is cash only so it is a slight downside.
4 YES! Nyonya is open! Although their price was higher than usual but still reasonable and worth it, because they are still working hard to provide everyone with the Malaysian delicacy during these uncertain time! I couldn't help myself but to order 3 items that I missed so dearly: twin salt fish fried rice, seafood egg hor fun, and seafood thin noodles! The system works with a menu online or a menu outside, then call them and they'll let you know the wait time. Once I picked it up, I was able to smell the aroma and luxury steaming out of the bag. An hour ride home and couldn't wait to indulge in the goodness. First bite of everything was amazing. Everything was delicious as how I imagined eating it in the restaurant.
5 During this time of crisis, everyone here has taken extra precautions. Cleaning frequently, barrier at the entrance to be greeted. Wearing a mask and gloves. Handling the cash on a tray and passing back. Feels a little safe with the handling of their food.
5 Me and my girlfriend were craving some good Malaysian and southeast Asian food so we decided to try out one of the most reviewed Malaysian restaurants. We came here toward the beginning of NYC quarantine during the first week of March - which explained why there was no wait.  Yet, the restaurant was still pretty full!    This is a pretty large restaurant with a pretty extensive list of classic southeast Asian dishes, we went with the salted fish fried rice, Char kway teow, and this pork belly with taro/yam dish. Everything was super flavorful and yummy (esp. the char kway teow - which is flat rice noodles stir fried) but keep in mind the dishes are a little greasy.  The pork belly I probably wouldn't order again :/  We took a while to order but the staff were very patient and waited until we were ready to order - they were also very attentive in refilling our tea! Will be coming back after quarantine - please help out Asian businesses and order take out from here!
4 The food here is a 5/5, especially when taking value into account. However, the fact that it's cash only and service can be a hit or miss, I had to round down to a 4/5.  If you come for an early weekend lunch, getting a seat is pretty easy. However, if you come during dinner, it is quite hectic and crowded, so be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes. It also puts a damper on service, as we've had dishes come incredibly late (once everything else is finished), or be entirely forgotten, and it takes multiple reminders and staff being flagged down.  That being said, Nyonya is still one of my go-to's in Chinatown (even though technically it's in Little Italy). The food is always so delicious and so cheap. The Hainan chicken and rice (incredibly aromatic after being cooked in chicken broth) and the roti canai (deliciously flaky and light, dipped in the best curry ever) are my two must-orders.   I also have tried and especially enjoyed the: - Bah Kut Teh soup (chinese herbal pork rib soup) - Seafood Crispy Noodles (Cantonese style pan-fried noodle, although with a more mild tasting sauce) - House Special Pork with Dried Vegetables (Chinese-style classic with pork belly over preserved vegetables, perfect for mixing with rice) - Beef Rendang (very flavorful and tender, not too spicy, although a bit oily) - Mutton in a Clay Pot (tender, flavorful chunks of lamb) - Sarang Burong (fried taro stuffed with chicken, shrimp, and vegetables; not as flavorful as the other dishes but nice textures and still tasty)
5 Time for an update. Porque? Because, it's been 4 years, it's Saturday night...and there is a killer virus outside. Ergo, it's a pornhub and chill kind of night, Ringo.   Food: 5 Service: 3 Clean factor: 4 Han Solo: 3 Bar: nope  They are as good as ever! Still haven't eaten here sober, though. You should! Sober, I mean. It's too late for me. So, save yourself!   Bring cash, because it's still 1875 in here and plastic is foreign. Or, coins. Matter of fact, pay them all in nickels. A bag of. That would be epic.
5 This place definitely lives up to the hype. They have a huge menu that highlights the different Indian, Chinese, and South Asian cuisines that influence Malay cooking.   I definitely recommend the staples- Roti canai and Haianese chicken, and you really can't go wrong with any of their whole fish dishes.   Prices are very affordable and portions are generous. If you're willing to splurge a little, they have a wide market price seafood selection.   One thing to be aware of is that they are cash only!  Can't wait to be back!
1 My pineapple fried rice had fried MAGGOTS in it. Terrible shame. I will never come back.
5 Truly amazing and authentic Malaysian restaurant. We ordered Hainanese Chicken, steamed chicken in chef special soy sauce, even it was served at room temperature but so yummy and flavorful. Kang Kung Belacan is sauteed convolus, stir-fried with spicy malaysian shrimp paste suace, a must-try vegetable dish at Nyonya. Those are simple but tasty dishes.
4 Order take out for the first time. It's super quick. I got 2 dishes , princess tofu and braised pork with preserved vegetable. It only took me 5 mins to wait. I like they wraps each box with a plastic bag outside so the sauce won't leak out. Because i had a experience that all the sauce was leaking out and the paper bag was wet. Very messy. After I got home. I just microwave both dishes about 3 mins each. It taste just as delicious as in the restaurant.
5 Nyonya is the best Malaysian restaurant in New York City. Hands down. The food is so good and the portions are family style.   Our family (who is Malaysian) loves going here and the staff always makes us feel so welcomed and loved. It's also my go-to spot to take friends and clients as the menu has something everyone will love, and the richness of the flavors wins everyone at the table over. It's a must eat!
1 Was really disappointed with my food :( the chicken was undercooked and I got food poisoning from it. Would not recommend.
5 Many moons ago, before I hopped onto the Yelp wagon, I was introduced to Nyonya for their Malaysian cuisines, and their food was indeed satisfying. However for the past two years, I have been coming here for their Singapore noodles because ever since I moved back to the the city, I haven't been able to find any authentic Singapore noodles. But after discovering Nyonya's Singapore noodles, I was hooked because they make it just the way I like it. Yummy in my tummy. They accept phone orders for pick ups too. Cash only!!
3 THIS location launched the empire and is faithful representation of Malaysian cuisine.  Always packed and noisy, but you can get your curry roti fix and Hainan chicken.  Cash only.
2 Our waitress was very quick in taking our order and the food came out quick. However the roti me and my gf got were completeley different. Hers was crispy and fluffy but mine was stale and cold. I asked the mexican giy who brought it to me if it was supposed to be like that and he just responded with im supposed to rip and eat, but i tell him my gfs is fluffy and crispy and he just walks away... i did get a different one after informing a different member of staff. Other than that it was okay.
4 This place still delivers great food at reasonable prices. I just brought a group of friends here and had another blast.   In addition to the must-order fried squid tentacles, pearl noodles and beef rendang, this time we got the shrimp puffs covered in bacon (amazing), the oyster omelette (very good and sizable) and the pork belly with yam (another must-order).   I know some Yelpers complain about the service, but Jess was wonderful with us. She was helpful, patient, attentive, efficient and personable. Despite the busy time - Friday evening - she was great with us.   Get here early (before 6:30p) on weekends or be prepared to wait.   Recommended.
4 CASH ONLY, pretty quick service  I have only come during lunch special hours, so my opinion is limited. Highly suggest the roti canai (really good appetizer)!  There is a wide selection of choices (different meats) and I like to come here with friends to eat. The food is decent, and I don't think the portion is too small for the lunch specials. I went yesterday noon, and the mango chicken was delicious, according to my friend. The fish fillet tasted quite nice. I had multiple pieces as opposed to the small amounts mentioned in the poor reviews.   I would recommend people to come and try it out especially within the early hours of lunchtime as you won't have to compete with other customers on line. The restaurant is a bit dark inside, so it might be even darker during dinnertime; that's why I choose to come during lunch hours because there is some light from outside too.
4 Been meaning to check out Nyonya after always seeing the plethora of high-praising reviews. Cold night in NYC with the mentality of keeping on the winter fluff - seemed like the perfect occasion to finally dine here.   Thank God the restaurant keeps 100+ "CASH ONLY" signs plastered throughout the entry-way. B/c that way I could head to the nearest Wells Fargo to take out some mula without looking like a cashless idiot post-meal.  Think giant, comfort-food platters here. Tbh, wouldn't say this place is dirt cheap compared to other Chinatown gems. They fool ya by having $8 rice platters - smaller portion of meat with a side of rice. Which in all fairness would fill any person with a normal appetite. But my boyfriend and I eat like the world is about to end. So we each got the curry chicken and Penang beef curry platters, which required a separate order of rice. So prices added up :(   The Curried Chicken (boned) was so incredibly flavorful. Simmered in a rich, coconut curry w/hints of lemongrass - the chicken was fall-off-the-bone tender, slightly sweet with a kick of spiciness. The rice was perfect to sop up all the sauce. We also ordered the Pasembur for an appetizer which was an entree in itself! Wouldn't say it was my favorite - came with shredded cucumber, jicama, bean sprouts, tofu and shrimp pancake doused in this odd "special sauce" which had this weird viscous texture... a bit too sweet for my liking as well. I also snagged a bit of my boyfriend's Pad Thai which was okay... tasted more like a basic stir-fried Asian noodle dish but didn't have enough of that fish sauce "UMPH." Pad Thai fanatics get me!  All in all a great spot to get some authentic Malaysian curry dishes without breaking the bank. I definitely want to come back with my family to get some of their sizzling platters. But that'll have to wait once I shed some of this Holiday fluff ;)
5 Great authentic Malaysian place. The Roti Canai and Prata were both good and so were the noodle and veggie dishes. It's cash only but prices very reasonable.
4 I'm fairly new to authentic Malaysian food, but this place definitely knows how to make some flavorful dishes that'll make your typical Malay take-out never taste the same.   We had a party of 8, and we got 8 orders of the roti with curries (delicious, best roti I've had with curry), Hainanese chicken (the only cold chicken I'd ever eat comfortably), ipoh bean sprouts (sauce is good), crispy pork intestines (crispiness makes it better to eat), 2 spicy squids (aunt loved it, sauce was good), and hokkien char me (noodles were kind of dry even with the sauce on them).   Note: this place is a CASH ONLY restaurant and you will only be seated if everyone in your party is present at the moment they call, or you will be skipped and have a longer wait time.
5 I LOVE this place. No wonder people wait in line to get in. Everyone starts with roti canai and you should as well. The menu is extensive and there is something for everyone. The first time I went, years ago, I ordered a dish made with pig intestines.  The waitress warned me but I went with my gut and I've been ordering it every since. Crispy and yummy but maybe not for everyone. Everyone I've brought here loved it. And the service is quick and friendly.
4 Why the hell is this place in the middle of Little Italy, and why the hell did it take me so long to go here. I'll make this quick and save you the trouble. If you want a huge ass piling of choices for Asian food that spans much of the southeast Asia region, but with focus on Malaysian and neighboring countries then you need to come here.   Would eat jellyfish again, would eat laksa forever.
4 Came by for dinner the other night and it was a tasty albeit efficient experience. The wait for the table was minimal despite what appeared to be a line to the door. Most importantly, this restaurant is cash only.  Started off with the roti and it was delicious. Super light and fluffy with a curry sauce that had a nice kick to it.  The hainan chicken 1/4 was excellent. Served chilled, the chicken was very juicy and slippery. The soy sauce on top was excellent as was the sweet chili sauce.  The beef chow fun with runny scrambled eggs was also decent. The rice noodles were very fresh and well wok-fried. The beef was a touch tough, although still edible.  The spinach with preserved beancurd was delicious too.  Service was extremely efficient.  ~$22/head after tax and gratuity for dinner, with leftovers. Cash only!
3 Our waitress forgot about us after we ordered and left us hanging. We had to ask the other waiters and waitresses and repeat the order several times to get the correct service.
1 I have been regular  here since I work around china town. However, this time  was really disappointed and upset due to the huge portion decease.   As you can see the attached photo, there are only 5pieces of chicken with a ton of bones.   Anyway, the tastes hasn't been changed but considering the small portion served I will rather go to another cuisine
4 I dropped into Nyonya to pickup dinner on Tuesday night. We tried a few things on the menu, like the Hainese Chicken, the Beef Rendang, and the string beans.  I know Hainanese Chicken is meant to be plain boiled chicken - but I was expecting some sort of flavor to come through, and unfortunately it didn't. The string beans had a really strong fermented fish flavor that is probably delicious to many people, but wasn't something I loved.   What I did love was the Beef Rendang. This was sooo delicious with perfectly balanced flavors. It was one of those dishes that probably had 30 ingredients and it all worked.   Side note: the lemon iced tea was abnormally delicious, and I definitely recommend ordering!
4 Our Togo place in Chinatown for Malaysian food. The wait staffs are always good and attentive. Wish the food would come out more timely.
5 Every time I'm in town this is my go to place! Being of Asian descent and having grown up to this cuisine I must admit it's pretty damn good like back home! And I never leave this place without my to go orders for the next couple of days.  Roti Canai
5 Stopped by for a late lunch while leaving chinatown. I'm from out of town and don't have a Malaysian restaurant anywhere near where i live. Everything we ordered was delicious. We had the roti telur, an eggplant claypot, the hawnanese chicken and the beef renang. The beef was my favorite.  Would definitely recommend this place!
5 Was craving Malay/Singaporean food and Nyonya did not disappoint!!! Got fish head curry, chicken rice, mei cai kou rou (pork belly), and fried buns. Everything was phenomenal. The curry was especially addicting.
4 Enjoyed the roti appetizer. Ordered noodles that were good but the star of the meal was the fish head soup! The cheek meat was super tender and the broth was very flavorful.
4 Came here with friends multiple times! I truly enjoy the delicious food options and definitely their roti! There are many spicy foods options on the menu but definitely worth giving them a chance. They are really efficient waiting staff and it's one of the better southeast Asian food options in Chinatown. It's also a pretty big restaurant for Chinatown sizing.
4 Havent been here in a while and their menu has expanded. so many options! This is my "safety"place whenever I want good malaysian food and dont feel like exploring. It hasnt changed, still delicious and service spectacular. Low key and family friendly. However slightly pricey and cash only.
3 Nyonya is hard to pin down, I think it's more like a 3.5 star actually, but I'm not really sure I want to round it up.   The food here is not bad. Some items are better than others of course. I think the hainan chicken is a pretty good deal, since you get a really big half/whole chicken that's really affordable. They also have some nice things like their noodles: in particular, I believe chow kuey teow is pretty nice.   The big problem with this place is that it doesn't take cards. While they say no credit cards, you're actually not allowed to use debit cards either, which means this place is just another one of those spots seeking to evade taxes. This is pretty common in chinatown, but it still doesn't make it less annoying.
5 I've have been going here for years. Just never had the chance to drop a review. The place is inexpensive and the food is served in good portions.   The staff is really friendly. Funny story. I wanted to order bubble tea from here and the waiter hesitated and whispered, "Sir (to my boyfriend) take your girlfriend to across the street to yayas for bubble tea. It not so good here." My boyfriend and I both started laughing. We appreciated the honesty! Most waiters would've just let me order the drink to make money off of me but he was honest about it so we left a generous tip.   I have only tried the fried noodles part of the menu and I loved every single option. My go to is usually beef chow fun but today I felt like is a thin noodle day. It was still really good. My boyfriend got the crunchy noodles with seafood and he liked it. You can never go wrong with a roti canai.   Experience was 10/10. *** Only issue is this place is CASH ONLY. so make sure you have cash on you! We had to go to chase and withdraw cash.****
3 We can in late so keep this in mind. Food was just ok. They were pushy to get us out of there and even stood around waiting for us to leave.
3 We've eaten here since the 90's and the food is usually DELICIOUS.  Lately, the roti canai (Indian pancake) has been inconsistent -- more hard than soft.  Yesterday, it was delivered to our table cold and very hard -- not a single soft spot on the pancake.  Diana, please get the kitchen to fix this problem.
5 Want Malaysian in the big Apple? Then you have to visit this place. Please note it's cash only, I've made that rookie mistake more than once. There is nothing on the menu you'll regret. I'm going to stop at that. Now go eat, or get in a long line to enjoy.
4 Good ole Malaysian food.  Ordered their chilly crab, cha kueh tiao, and chicken rice.  Overall, the food was good. Everything tasted like it should.  The cha kueh tiow definitely had the "wok hei" unique flavor. They used a thin flat rice noodle instead of the traditional fat thin  rice noodle. Unconventional but was still good. Only complaint is, the dish did not come with the traditional prawn paste (as a dipping sauce). They also did not put eggs (if they did, it was not noticed).  Chicken rice carried its traditional texture of the rubbery chicken skin all the way through. If you order half a chicken, it does not come with the traditional rice. We had to order the rice separately. The rice itself is half of the dish's flavor and appeal. The dish isn't complete without the rice.   Chili crab... I would say the dish had a more Malay twist to it where a dry chili rub ( sambal) was applied. This is different than the chili crab most people know which is a little more wet with gravy. The flavor was good, large portions , and had a nice kick of spice to it.  All in all, a good place to eat traditional Malaysian dishes if you want a small piece of home away from home
5 A cash-only Malaysian/Asian-Fusion place! I've tried a variety of their dishes and every single one was delicious. The service is always good and fast every time without any miscommunication!
4 Great spot if you're craving malay food. We ordered some chicken rice and beef rendeng. I thought the sauces for the both dishes were really nice. The chicken and rice was clean tasting and flavorful. I also really liked the rendeng...although it came out suspiciously fast...like it was sitting out...it was also more lukewarm than hot...  Prices are pretty good. I would def come back again...and maybe order roti next time too
4 CASH ONLY, Fast Service.  This is NOT some random small asian take out restaurant but apparently they still go by cash only system. It seems like a typical asian restaurant in Chinatown, a bit dark inside but kind of a classy vibe. We walked in on a Friday night around 7pm and saw a full house including a full waiting area but the lady told us 20 minutes. We came back 15 minutes later and it turned out she already tried to call our number. But even though she already called it, she did seat us next.   We got the best seat in the house by the window so we could see right outside the restaurant and not have as much of the restaurant noise. Service was really fast, we had 3 different servers attempt to take our order within 10 minutes even though we weren't ready yet. No condiments so you'll have to ask for sauces or chilis if you want them.  As for the food, I'd say we enjoyed it but there were some items we wouldn't order again. I really liked the ginger duck soup because I love noodles and the duck was very tender. The rendang was also tender but I wish it had a tad more flavor. The roti we got was just ok, something more for kids, not very exciting in flavor. The The spicy squid was surprising, it reminded me of a dried fish snack I use to eat. So if you're into that then order but if not then stay away because the image is not as it appears. It's really crisp and a tad fishy because of the dryness of it.  I'd come back but different items next time!
5 Hidden gem in Chinatown/Little Italy. I've tried many many Malaysian/Southeast Asian style cuisine here in the city and this is by far my favorite. Came back many many time!
5 Very Surprised  find such a great place to have  Malaysian cuisine in Little Italy!  Please notice that Cash only! Fortunately , there are many banks nearby. And be sure to get there earlier if you don't make a reservation  in advance  As for the food, all we ordered are great! The best is the Hainan chicken! The meat is tender and tasty. Even without sauce is perfectly good , served with sweet chili sauce is amazing!! No doubt I will come back to eat it again and I also recommend the yellow rice . It is cooked with chicken oil~ better than most of Malaysian food I have eaten before   The only thing is that curried chicken is a little bit spicy to me and  has a lot of oil. But ...still delicious   And the price is very reasonable !!
2 I don't understand why this place is so popular. It's just not that good. I've been here twice now and both times, I was disappointed by the food. I've tried the prawn mee, fish head curry, roti, eggplant and salted fish casserole and cannot really recommend any of them. The shrimp is consistently overcooked here. The fish head curry was also a big letdown - fish barely had any meat and curry was just not tasty. Roti and salted fish casserole both turned out to be completely mediocre. Would not come here again.
5 Awesome place been coming here since 2015 when I come alone I always order the pineapple fried rice, roti canai and if it's available fresh coconut( I take the coconut with me when I leave the restaurant and stroll around soho.  Came with some friends this time we got the Thai ice tea, curry me, fried dumplings, sambal shrimp, spicy Thai chicken rice and pineapple fried rice!
2 This restaurant is really quiet and peaceful. A good place to enjoy your meal by yourself or with others. But there is a problem...each week, I always buy the Hainanese chicken to stay and eat. However the prices are different every week.
3 Good food and authentic taste.  The Hainan Chicken Rice could be better.  They have good service and room for improvement...
2 Today I order two meal for take out, when I call I requested for chili, when I go to pick up I ask the counter staff for chili again he is answering me with very rude attitude that's was a chili inside my order pack but end up I open the bag of my order there was no chili inside the order... so this is the service they having!
5 I love Nyonya! This restaurant offers a great variety of authentic Malaysian and Chinese food. I recommend their Roti Canai; it's light, fluffy, and crispy all in one. My family and I came here for dinner and it was a bit busy. The ambiance was nice with prompt service and food overall delicious.
5 One of my favorite places....... from the Roti Canai, Curry Chicken, Hainanese Chicken, Laksa and many many more dishes..... I LOVE this place
4 Food is decent, quite spacious, would come back to try other items on the menu. Was here with a group of 5 for a birthday celebration. Ordered morning glory, Indian goreng mee, and the Malaysian spareribs
3 Came here as part of a team offsite, so the experience was going to be a bit different (since we weren't paying). Given that freedom, we were able to order a ton of things. We tried multiple shrimp dishes, a fried whole fish dish, garlic and haianese chicken, duck, all sorts of desserts, and various forms of roti as well.  Overall the meal was great because we had huge selection and it was free. The dishes that did stand out were the garlic chicken and the coconut pudding. I really enjoyed those two. For the other items, they were good but not great. The garlic chicken was very tender and had just enough flavor in the chicken.  I would've been disappointed if I had to pay for this meal since the items were quite expensive (and it's cash only).  Given that not everyone has free meals, thought I'd rate it for what it would've been had I paid.
2 Came here for a bday celebration. For those who's transitioning from Chinese food, this would be the spot. If you've ever had authentic Malaysian food, this isn't for you. I had high expectations, and lef very disappointed.  It's more a Chinese Malaysian hybrid. If you want real Malaysian cuisine,  I suggest Malay in flushing.  It's a hole in the wall,  but food is way more solid.
5 Great Malaysian food! Was in Singapore for four years and would like to say this place was authentic! Personally not a fun of the shrimp paste, so things without would suite me.  Got the Indian pancake first. The curry was the same I had in Singapore! Soooooo yummy and flavorful!!! I prefer the thinker pancake though, so I would order roti prata next time.  The hainanese chicken rice was great! The spicy sauce was not as spicy as the one I had in Singapore, but the overall taste was right. No complaint at all and we packed another order for take-away to enjoy it the next day. The how fun with seafood paste got nice taste, very close to the Singapore ones too. Overall the flavor was outstanding and authentic! Seafood-wise not very fresh but acceptable. Would love to come back! Good service but the service can be long. Cash only.
2 I really wanted to like this restaurant. Although the food was pretty good, it isn't good enough considering how awful the service is, for me to ever come back.  I mainly didn't like the work ethics of the servers (not waiters/waitress). I saw one of the servers leave a plate of food on a table that changed seats so their food was just left to collect dust and get cold.  Then, one of the dishes we ordered was served to another table nearby us who already started eating it and one of the waitresses only noticed halfway and took it away, then said they would have the kitchen make us a fresh plate.  The food took a long time to arrive and I saw other tables who came after we ordered, get their food before us.  On top of this, they include a 18% tip in the receipt which I wouldn't have a problem with if the service was up to par but, I have a feeling because they know they will get tipped already, some of them don't care about the service.
4 Used to come here once a month when I lived in NYC.  Visited earlier this week and I felt that it is not as good as I imagined.  Still solid good malaysian food.  Guess our memories are better than reality at times
5 This is one of my favorite Malaysian restaurants in Manhattan.  I never fail to stop by for an order of mi siam whenever I'm in the area.
5 Love the food. Too many people though. But it is worth it to wait. I never though going to NY has this type of authentic Malay food. Delicious.
5 Very traditional Singapore cuisine. Big dishes for friends dinning together. The rice is mouthful and tastes with chicken oil. The chicken is very tender and not cover with heavy sauce. The fried noodle is a little oily for me. I love the dessert with plenty ingredient added different taste.
4 This place is solid.  Sometimes it's a miss, but for the most part it's pretty good.  Easy going efficient service.    Long lines and cash only.
5 The best Hainan chicken! We ordered it to-go. The meat was very tasty and tender. Even without the sauce was good, but with the sauce was perfect. As for the rice, it was cooked with the chicken oil. The rice was good, taste better than the average rice.
4 My go to Malaysian restaurant in that area. Always order the fish head rice noodle soup and the seafood stir fried noddle. It can get crowded during dinner time but the wait is not too bad!
2 The food here was okay for the price point. The mango chicken didn't come with rice we had to pay extra which is like what? How can you eat it without rice? I expected it to be more sweet but it was only sour. Also the beef chow fun the actual noodles were very good but under seasoned. They were also very very cheap with the meat as there was barely any in either of the dishes. The juices were delicious and so was the rotti.
4 what a find! nyonya serves a variety of cantonese, singaporean and malaysian dishes at a very affordable price. i highly recommend on of their white-looking 'pearl noodle' soup dish. a lighter flavor, spring onion, spring of parsley and egg drop soup sort of flavor. it has a less viscous consistency. they serve complimentary barley tea at nyonya, which helped me digest my heavier dish. i ordered the hong kong noodle soup. it wasn't really my go-to, but the flavor of shallot soup base was decent. the noodle was overcooked, so it sort of fell apart and melted when i took a bite (not even a slurp). that is why i give them a 4 and not 5-star. i think the pearl noodle was a bit overcooked as well.   lots of appealing appetizers and entrees we did not have the stomach to try. otherwise, easy place to unwind and order a delicious eastern asian dish. the location sits between little italy and china town. you can walk off dinner or lunch before you take the subway back.
5 I've always walked by Nyonya but would never choose to eat here until I came for dinner last night with friends - I'm glad I did because everything is really flavorful! The roti with curry appetizer is a must get! I liked the curry more than the roti itself but it's a good combo. My friends and I got a noodle dish, 1/2 Hainanese chicken, a veggie dish, and an eggplant with salted fish casserole to share. I enjoyed every dish and would come back again. They also have a lot of tables and seating so that's a plus!
5 The Hainanese chicken was kind of dry, but the rice that it came with was incredible. The sauce it also comes with is also great. The chicken and cabbage soup that comes with it was pretty good.   The roti canai was incredible and I would strongly recommend it. The ABC dessert was so-so; the shaved ice part wasn't very fluffy.   All in, an appetizer (roti canai), the Hainanese chicken rice dish, and the ABC dessert was about $18 after tax (but before tip) which is pretty great for NYC.
5 As great places to eat in Chinatown are slowly disappearing, replaced by chic pretentious boutique-esque eateries, this place remains tasty and fulfilling. No matter what I have ordered over the years, it's always satisfied and then some. That would explain why there is always a line for dinner time. The ambiance can get quite loud when it's busy, but if you go at off hours, you be able to have a conversation without yelling at your companion. Regardless, the food is delicious and never disappoints. Prices are a bargain compared to other eateries in Manhattan. Locals and visitors alike, should definitely visit this place if they like the exotic flavors of south East Asian cuisine. Kudos to the cooks and cheers to the servers, who were prompt and pleasant.
5 You can't beat this place in price, amount of and quality of food! A group of you can eat all you want and probably will come down to $20 per person at most including tip. I usually start with Roti Canai as an appetizer - Love the pancakes and curry dip. Main dish I order almost every time is Hainanese Chicken, which I initially had hesitation since i never had chicken served in room temperature and it doesn't look too appealing. BUT it's so delicious, especially when you put the chef's special soy sauce on. Quarter size is more than enough to serve two. I once got half size by mistake and it was way too much. Beef Rendang is another amazing dish. I also recommend getting the chicken broth rice than regular rice. Very tasty. Their new menu with photos of each dish is helpful. Be prepared to wait 30 min - 1 hour during peak time. The lady who manages the waitlist can be fierce and unfriendly at times but it's all worth it!!
1 I am not talking about the food since I had to leave right after we seated. I couldn't even order the food because the back side of the restaurant smell like a sewage. I wish they could notice the customer if something was going on.
5 we struggled for an hr to decide if we should go to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown vs Malaysian restaurant.  We landed-up going to Nyonya and it was worth it.  the reviews speaks for itself ...prompt service, reasonable cost, portions are generous and food is delicious!  we tried:  Hainanese Chicken- can be an acquired taste but worth trying for sauce  Nasi Lemak- delicious curry. Absolute must!  Ginger Duck- different but not bad (can't decide if i like or not) Curry Mee with Young Tau Foo- delicious.
5 Best Malaysian! The wait usually isn't bad - there is a quick turnaround and enough around the area to walk around while you wait. The roti cani and the deep fried chicken with garlic/soy sauce are incredible! Make sure to get the garlic/soy sauce separately if you're ordering to go/delivery
5 This is my go to place for Roti. The roti is by far the best I had in NYC. We had a family dinner there before, and every dish was delicious. We ordered the seafood tofu pot, lamb and veggies. And the price is reasonable as well.
3 Not worth coming back   The only thing I was impress by was their bread appetizer.  It was bigger than most Malaysian restaurants.  As for the rest of the dishes, it did not feel authentic.   Some of the dishes were tasteless and too watery.  Some of the dishes were very overpriced.
4 Cash only! Fantastic place with a great selection of Malaysian and other pan-Asian foods. We had the roti appetizer which was crispy and delicious, comes with a tasty chicken and potato curry for dipping. The beef fried noodle was excellent, you can ask them to add extra spice if you prefer that. Mango smoothie was perfect for a hot day and helps cut the spice.  Would have given it 5 stars if not for a very loud and disruptive group in the back of the restaurant, and the fact that it doesn't take credit / debit cards (in 2019!).
5 Stop searching and eat here! Always a wait, only cash and you know it's the real deal.  Nyona is % amazing. Everything is done well, and if you're looking to be adventurous (frog legs or stingray anyone?) this is the place to spread your wings. You will not be disappointed.
4 Amazing Malaysian fusion, grown up with this at the Chinatown of Brooklyn. The very special corner at 8th ave used to be the go to spot to hit for a dinners out with large groups and celebrations with family. Really sad they closed down last year forcing me to head to the city losing some of that local family business. Sucks that they only do cash but Nonetheless, affordable eats and very filling . Recommend the pad Thai cause it never disappoints.
5 My go to place for Malaysian cuisine. Hainan chicken rice is my summer fav dish. I always ask for dark meat instead of white meat. Although this dish is actually signature Singaporean dish. All the food on the menu are pretty decent, no let down so far. Pretty speedy and efficient.
3 The food is pretty good. They use lots of reusable stuff but they still use plastic straws like the owners don't know that plastic is bad for our environment. They use the cheapest thing even though there are so many reusable and non environmentally bad choices. The seating is also pretty good here.
3 I paid a second visit but this time the food quality wasn't as impressive...  Hainan chicken tastes worse than before, not sure whether it's because it's not as novel as its first taste.  Curry vegetables are just plain unexciting.  Sizzling beef is what disappointed me the most. Can't believe how the sizzling beef can be made with such a standard. It tastes like marinated paper...
4 Amazing spot to hit up after an early night of drinking.    Walked in at 10:30 pm after a few rounds and what could be better?  Tiger beer, roti prata, and chili crab.  The prata was so flaky and buttery with the right chicken curry dip. The chili crab's spices, garlic, onion woke me up.  Don't hesitate just eat.
4 Delicious Malaysian food! Often a wait. Lots of variety of dishes.  Would visit again.
1 I have never felt so pissed off before. We asked to sit at a 4 top table, because me and my girl like to sit side by side while eating. He gives us an attitude and says no. It would be understandable if the place was packed but there were only a couple of tables. So I told him there's barely anyone here and he finally agrees to give us the table. Then he literally slams the tea pot down. I don't know who this guy is but I'm a server too and there's no reason to ever be so disrespectful. He was tall skinny and wore these round glasses with a bun on his head. Someone's gotta teach this guy some manners
4 Tasty food and lots of options! The menu here is very expansive and the dishes are pretty good and only mildly spicy. My favorite out of the ones I've tried is probably the eggplant with shrimp. I liked the roti panal but the portion size was pretty small. The Hainanese chicken and chow kueh teow were good but I wish there was more flavor. Overall, the food here is solid, if not that special, and pretty affordable if you share with friends.
4 Hainanese chicken! Also, CASH ONLY. My first Malaysian food experience and it was as delectable as the chicken. Quick fast service, there was a bit of a wait when we went in, but it goes by quickly!  Once your order, try to ask for what you need as they bring stuff to your table, definitely seem a bit understaffed so not able to pour you refills if you drink a lot like me. Food comes out fast tho so if you come hungry, they'll take care of you!  We also got the Kang Kung belacan. Veggies were very good! Great texture, not to soft and plenty flavorful. My fiancé said it is on the saltier side but I thought it was ok. The snapper was delicious as well. Steamed very well with great flavor!  Check them out!
5 Coming here for years.  Honestly it's always great.  One of the few places that we will wait for a table.  Best chow fun we've ever had.   Mango chicken is perfect.  Mee Goreng also a family favorite.   Always so glad we come here
5 Excellent food. Come here if you are looking for an authentic Malaysian food. Beef randang and roti are our favorite
4 CASH ONLY!! CASH ONLY!! CASH ONLY!! CASH ONLY!! CASH ONLY!!  Located downtown Manhattan this place will be a parking nightmare if you are driving this way, specially during the day times. So do yourself a favor and catch a shared ride, do not spoil your day and meal on a insatiable quest for parking, and even if you find it, it will not be free, trust me.   Went here with a friend so he already knew what I was going to eat, I was glad to be honest since it is a difficult menu if you are not used to this cosine.  ROTI CANAI-  thin pancake with chicken curry dip. Amazing!!! the pancakes are super crispy and at the same time they are fluffy and fun to dip in the chicken curry. there's plenty of curry for all pancake.   HAINESE CHICKEN-  This chicken comes at room temperature and it looks like it is a boiled chicken that is cooled imediately after cooking. to be honest it was not for me this dish, it is very popular though so I guess it is just a mater of personal taste. it is by no means a bad meal, it was just not for me.   BEEF CHOW FUN- this is a like a stir fry, very nice, I was super glad we got this guy, it was salty yet not too much, it went perfect with rice and the noodles we got, this was just perfect protein choice.  MALAYSAN COFFEE- it was ok, but not comparable to the Thai tea. I think I was ok trying it but again it was not something I will be having again.   overall this is a very popular and busy restaurant, they have many featured dishes that are very popular. This is definitely a good place to try and visit if you are around the area.
1 We ordered two dishes, took FOREVER to come out. The food was so so. We also ordered dessert and the order didn't even go through and we had to wait exta. Super disappointed.
4 I was amazed at how good the food is here, I've been to both Nyonya locations in Brooklyn and did not "love" the food, 8th ave location was decent but their 86 location was terrible.. however I was craving Malaysian the other day at work and decided to come here. I ordered the curry beef which I usually never do because I'm all about the beef with egg sauce over flat noodles  if you haven't tried that yet definitely do because that always hits the spot for me. I decided to be adventurous and got the curry beef and it blew me away..kinda made me miss Malaysia a bit too. Their Indian pancake was good but I definitely over ordered since the rice was very filling I couldn't eat the Indian pancake and got that to go. This place is a cash only spot but there are plenty of banks near by. Service was slow but adequate, and many of them spoke English. I will definitely be back
5 Great food and so filling! I came here with a few friends without a reservation and was seated right away. The restaurant is big and have plenty of seating, including tables for large parties. The food was tasty and portion was big. There are so many options of the menu with pictures included. I have not tried a lot of Malaysian food so most of the dishes were new to me, but from the pictures, they all seem appetizing. The food came out looking like the pictures (unlike a few restaurants I could name). The service was great also!  Would definitely come back to try other dishes
4 Nyonya, good Malaysian food, but it's cash only as of 7/10/19.  They won a few Michelin guides.  The food is very affordable for this area. Check them out.
5 My fav place in NYC, everything on the menu is amazing, will def come back here
2 I expected more, in terms of flavor from this restaurant. I am only commenting based on the dishes I have ordered, Twins Salted Fish Fried Rice and Char Kueh Teoh. Both lacking in flavor.   Customer service is pretty good but there is a wait during dinner on a weekday. CASH ONLY. Free hot tea
4 Sub par not as good as the hype got the crab and it was super oily and lacking in flavor
5 -malaysian style spare ribs -satay tofu with sauce on the side -delicious unlimited hot tea  These items are delicious and low carb! I love Nyonya!
3 Food was ok. But would not come back. Our server, 'Les' needs to work on his personable skills. He definitely does not want to be there, no smile, does not actually answer any of our questions. We had a table of 11 people, he gave us 2 napkins... we asked him and the busboy twice if they have turn tables since our group sat at a round table and everything we ordered was shareable, we were ignored. I know gratuity is included for large groups (and so does he) but still, he was being too obvious.
4 Came in on Father's Day at around 1 pm for lunch and it was pretty busy. The restaurant is pretty big and there were a few parties waiting. Luckily, we we didn't have to wait for a party of five.   We decided to order a bunch of dishes to share. We probably ordered a little too much for five people, but at least we had lunch for the next day.   Roti canai - a must-have. So light and fluffy! Perfect way to start the meal  Roti prata - a flattened condensed version of roti canai. It tastes pretty similar but is a bit cleaner to eat  Satay tofu - one of my go to apps - I love the peanut sauce that it comes topped with. We ordered two of these  Beef rendang - I don't really like stewed beef because it can be chewy, but I loved the sauce. I used it on top of the noodles, which sounds weird, but it was a good combo. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with rice  Salted fish fried rice - not the best but not the worst. I probably wouldn't order this again  Hainanese chicken (whole) - can't go wrong with this, especially with a side of the chicken broth rice, and the special hot sauce the chicken is served with  Chow Kueh Teow - this one is a classic, so if you're looking for non-spicy stir-fried noodles, this is a good option. The menu says that it's spicy but I didn't taste it at all  Crispy chicken salad - skip this. The chicken is SO dry and pretty bland. The only good thing was the crispy skin. Even so, you're better off ordering extra Hainanese chicken  Salted fish with eggplant - this was pretty terrible. It was unbelievably salty - it would have been impossible to eat if you didn't have any rice to go with it  Malaysian iced coffee - I was afraid this would be all sugar/condensed milk and no coffee, but the coffee flavor was actually really strong so I really enjoyed this.  I've been here before a long time ago, but I guess I had forgotten how good it was (certain items. Will be coming back to try some new dishes!
1 Mediocre Malaysian food at best. This from someone who spent his formative years in Malaysia!
4 Food: 4/5   Price: 5/5     Service: 2/5     Ambience: 4/5  *** Michelin Guide 2010-2019 ***  Homemade Roti Canai / Indian pancake ($3.95) - 5/5. Delicious Malaysian crispy style pancake served with curry dipping sauce. Loved the pancake so much, the best I've had!  Nasi Lemak ($8.75) - 2/5. Coconut rice flavored with cloves and screw pine leaves. Served with chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken with bone and hard boiled egg. A classic dish, didn't really like the sides. Rice was pretty good though.   Chow Kueh Teow ($8.95) - 4/5. Malaysian famous stir fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, squid, chive, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste.
3 I ordered take out from here and was disappointed with what I received. I ordered the Hokkien mee and the Nyonya seafood fried rice. The Hokkien mee was very liquidy and only had shrimp and some pieces of meat with some vegetables. Typically it should contain other seafood ingredients as well. The seafood fried rice had the option of rice that was made in chicken broth which I opted for. It added a nice, different taste but it was very soft in texture. It also included very few pieces of shrimp, squid and maybe some small sliced scallops but there really wasn't much in it besides rice. However, the prices are pretty good and they do give a lot! Maybe the other options on the menu are better and dining in might be better as well so give it a try.
5 Could not be more happy with this place!!! After taking a late night Staten Island ferry, we are desperate for some nourishing late night food. Most places in Chinatown were closed or about to close, but not Nyonya!  There weren't a ton of people but there was quite a crowd. We ordered and literally the food came right away. Got the Hainan Chicken Rice and the Tom Yum seafood pot, and omg everything was delicious and so affordable.   Chicken rice (7.50) The chicken is seasoned the right amount as Hainan chicken is supposed to be. Though I would prefer if the chicken was less mushy. The rice is packed with chicken flavor and was fluffy!   Tom Yum Seafood Pot (18.50) Good portion and not stingy on the clams! Amazing combination of mushrooms, tomatoes, and seafood in super flavorful broth, comes with a bowl of rice. It's a bit salty for my taste, but my friend really enjoyed it.  CASH ONLY! Don't forget to bring cash!
5 This is my go to Malaysian spot for Hawker food. Still the best after all these years. Has the most selection of Hawker food in one spot. And one of the few that actually serve Assam Laksa (a sour, spicy tamarind fish base soup with rice noodles). If u are from Penang, u need this Laksa fix.
5 Considering how hard it is to find a good and cheap Malaysian restaurant, I would give this place 5 stars.  I was rarely disappointed when visiting this restaurant. Really loved their Young Tau foo,  Mi Goreng, and beef rengdang.   I also usually ordered Haianese chicken rice to go from here.  The chicken noodles weren't that good though. Too bland.  Every rice/noodles dish was usually under $10, so it was definitely affordable.  CASH ONLY.
4 We treated our grandma to this restaurant on a Saturday night and there was a quick 10 min wait but we were seated fairly quickly considering that they are always quite busy. The food is always amazing here and I like how they change the menu now so there's photos to each of the dishes and you no longer have to guess what you might be getting! All the dishes we got: pearl noodles, lady finger with shrimp, roti (they are huge by the way, plenty to share!), Malaysian spare ribs ( this one was prob the least fav as it was quite hard and not much meat on the ribs) and the hainanese chicken were all amazing. They also have a lot of different selection of drinks which were all yummy too. I took off one star for service as we asked for ice water for our grandma multiple times but it never came. Other wise, still recommend it for the overall food taste ! :)
5 SO GOOD! I had heard about Nyonya from a Southeast Asian friend, so I knew I had to try it. It definitely did not disappoint.  Don't forget- this place is CASH ONLY; there are Chase and Capital One ATMs down the block.   We ordered:  THAI TEA- hard to go wrong with Thai tea, it was sweet and rich, so refreshing with the spicy and salty dishes!  NASI LEMAK- a coconut milk rice dish with an assortment of sides including anchovies, peanuts, curry, cucumber, egg, and chili paste.   If you like anchovies and other salted things you should give this a try, but for me the taste of the anchovies was too strong. Not a fault of Nyonya, but I just didn't like the type of dish itself.  FISH HEAD TOM YUM- This was the standout dish for me. The broth is so flavorful, I would definitely recommend it if you're a fan if Tom yum soup. A little sour and tangy, a little spicy, and the flavor of the fish really complements the broth.  ROTI PRATA- Roti is a South/Southeastern flatbread. Chewy and a little crispy- delicious on its own or dipped in the curry provided.  Service was prompt and friendly as well. This place is a must try- I will definitely be back soon!
5 Give me the veggies. I go for the veggie dishes here as well as the roti with curry. I try to stop in for a meal a couple of times a year when I'm in New York. So far they've kept me coming back. It's cash only so make sure that you're carrying.
2 We were very disappointed with 5 of the 6 dishes we ordered. The salted fish and eggplant was so far beneath our expectations for fish casserole, there was barely any fish and it wasn't really salted fish it was like one of those baked dried fish (like the kind that comes from the supermarket).
3 Extensive menu with many interesting choices.  The food was good and the prices were very reasonable.  We went with 9 people including one toddler .  But the service was abysmal.  It took forever to get someone to take our order.  Then it took a long time for any food to come out.  One of our two apps came out at the same time as three entrees.  Then the other app came out about half an hour later.  Then eventually the Rest of the main dishes came out, well after the first few entrees had been eaten.  Then we had trouble getting our waitress to bring us our check when it was well past the toddlers bedtime.  They really need to work on their customer service!!
4 Tasty dishes for a great price! We came for dinner and ordered Sizzling Yee Mee noodles, the Malaysian Buddhist, and the Roti Telur appetizer.   The Sizzling Yee Mee was good. There was a layer of egg at the bottom of the sizzling pan for the noodles to sit on top of. The noodles toward the bottom of the plate were saltier than preferred, but that is because there was a lot of excess bean sauce and bean sauce itself is usually pretty salty. However, I still enjoyed the dish.  For a simple vegetable combination plate, the Malaysian Buddhist was also good. The vegetables were cooked just right, and still had a bit of a crunch to them. The dish also included some vermicelli noodles.   I thought the Roti Telur was just okay. What made the appetizer good was the curry sauce. The curry probably would taste good with anything though. The egg-filled roti pancake itself had little to no flavor.  There are so many menu items, especially noodle dishes, and the pictures of all of them look really good. Something I noticed was that most of their noodle dishes include seafood and/or are cooked with some seafood (e.g. shrimp, squid, etc.) paste.  Overall, I thought the food here was great for the price. I enjoyed my dinner, and I definitely see myself coming back again.
5 This was my first Malaysian restaurant so I can't really compare it with other restaurants in the city, but I definitely had a fantastic experience here. They have a wide range of menu and most items are illustrated with pictures, so it's really helpful in choosing what you want to get.   My friend and I got beef chow fun, seaweed seafood soup with egg, and fried buns with condensed milk. We were all very happy with the food -- each dish was so flavorful, came in big portion, and reasonable price (main dishes are around $12 - $15 and appetizers/ desserts are around $5-$7)   I would definitely come back here again to try their other items if I'm around Chinatown.   TIP: this place is CASH only!
4 My favorite/only Malaysian restaurant in the city! My favorite dish here is the Sarang Burong (chicken/shrimp/veggie inside deep fried taro bowl). Not only is it good as a stand alone dish but it does a great job balancing out the more typical spicy and heavy Malaysian dishes like the Kari Ayam (spicy/curry chicken) which was also very good.   The appetizers are okay. Most folks like the roti; it's ok.   The satay tofu has potential to improve from meh to really good. Right now, it's 3 layers of no flavor protein (tofu, bean sprout, cucumber) & not enough peanut sauce on top to compensate.  Have the peanut sauce lay on top of the deep fried tofu. If u have to add the cucumber & beansprout, use a lot less of them or stuff them inside the tofu for the texture diff. Add salt to cucumber and light black pepper to the bean sprouts.  But I digress. Make sure you bring cash. It's cash-only. Dishes are in the teens; appetizers below $10. Decent looking & med large restaurant. Long but moving line for dinner.
3 Delicious food, service was trash. They should hire servers. We asked for waters 3 times and they brought it out once we were done with our food.
3 If you're looking for Malaysian food, this is a good go to place. I tried their crispy fried chicken, which is a little dry. I had the curry soup too. It was good, but Malaysian food is well-known for their cuisine and this one kind of disappoints a little. Having traveled around both Malaysia and Singapore, I was expecting a little more. Still not a bad place, so if you want to try Malaysian food, it's definitely worth trying out.
5 The curry dishes were AMAZING!!! Ordered the curry beef tender, which is really flavorful and the texture of the meat is good as well.
5 for those who are craving for singaporean/malaysian/indonesian food in nyc, this is the place to go! loved it.
5 This is a highly recommended restaurant for Malaysian people who staying in USA but miss Malaysian flavor. I love the food that we ordered today. They all taste Malaysian authentic.   We have hokkien noodles, hainanese chicken with chicken rice (yellow rice) and Assam laksa. They all taste perfectly good especially the noodles texture were not soft and fresh ingredients.   This restaurant owner from Penang. So the laksa prepared as like Penang taste. It was little spicy to me, but still taste delicious to me. The portion here kind decent and come with reasonable price!
5 The chicken curry with rice (bone in) is, without a doubt, the BEST $7.50 meal in NYC!
3 3.5*.  The price was fair. I tried Hainanese chicken and beef Rendeng. They were large portions with fair prices.  Hainanese chicken were plain and fine. Actually it was not my favor. However, beef Rendeng had a curry taste and a heavy spiciness which was good.   The overall taste of the food here was mediocre.
4 I was so happy that Nyonya delivers to my area (East Side Murray Hill/Turtle Bay). Love the Beef Rendang, roti canai and coconut rice. I plan to work my way through the rest of the menu :)
4 My absolute favorite place to go for Malaysian in the city! When I first moved to NYC they were much smaller and actually located across the street.  They defiantly outgrew, had tons of upgrades but most importantly their dishes of their food remained the same!    My go to dish is the Nasi Lemak. Mom loves the roti Cani.  BF loves the chicken and rice!   Only call out, don't like how they are cash only.
4 Firstly I gave 1 star less because of the nasi lemak. Huge disappointment. It wasn't authentic at all, the nasi (rice) hardly had any Santan taste and that is a huge disappointment for any nasi lemak dish. I wouldn't recommend ordering that dish at all if you know your nasi lemak.   Everything else was delicious! The kangkung belacan, prawn mee, assam laksa and hainanese chicken rice. I also enjoyed my teh tarik!
4 had the roti and java mee, p2p is great.  loved the roti, curry sauce that came with roti and java mee was good but nothing special.  service was awesome but would not return cause their bathrooms do not have working locks.
4 Never go wrong with Indian bread and Malaysian Spinach. I'm typing more because the review is too short.
5 Cash only at this cavernous Malaysian restaurant on the edge of Chinatown.  Nyonya is a Tardis-like restaurant, it's so much bigger inside than it looks from the outside so its good for larger groups as well as smaller parties or solo diners. Prices are good, service is swift (I'd class it as efficient rather than friendly but the servers aren't unpleasant). Beer and wine are available and the menu is flipping huge - plenty to choose from here but probably not the best place for vegetarians. Each dish is illustrated on the menu which is helpful if you're not familiar with Malaysian cuisine and there is a daily lunch special of soup, rice and entree for eight or so dollars. I pretty much always order the same things when I come here - what I think of as the 'best of' Malaysian dishes - simply because I like them all so much I rarely feel inclined to order anything else. Roti Canai here is wonderfully light and crispy, and the wee bowl of chicken curry that comes with it is just fantastic. The Chicken Sate Skewers are a generous portion of juicy chicken pieces, perfect for sharing. Hainanese Chicken is the perfect meal for a hot day and again it is well cooked and not dry - you can get a quarter or half chicken and can get all white meat if you wish. Beef Rendang Curry has tender beef chunks in a thick warmly spiced sauce, it may not look pretty but it tastes great - ugly delicious! Portions are generous.  If you are looking for a new cuisine to explore Nyonya is your place.
2 The food was mediocre at best and I could clearly tell that it was geared towards tourists. The Roti canal, which I had been looking forward to, turned out to be very crunchy and nothing like the ones I have had before. The other dishes we ordered were tough, hard to eat, and very salty Service was also almost nonexistent and the wait staff did not even offer to take our plates. Overall, a very unsatisfying dining experience.
4 This is a very popular place filled with Asians so you can tell the food is quite legit and authentic. The chicken dishes (Satay Chicken & Hainanese Chicken) were especially nice - very tender and juicy!! Definitely the place to be if you're craving for Malaysian food!
5 Best Malaysian food in Chinatown and the services good  atmosphere peacefully, clean i love this place.
4 Our friend suggested to meet for dinner at this place on Tuesday night. Luckily when we arrived at 6:45 there was no wait and we were seated right away. The three of us adults and two young kids shared: 1 roti: 5/5 flat bread, what's not to like. 2 fluffy roti: 5/5 kids loved this and dipping it in the spicy curry. Hainan chicken half order:  very averge for me. The chicken, ginger sauce, everything was just ok. I am saying that comparing it to Savoy in Monterey park.  Chicken noodle soup with shrimp: 5/5 this really hit the spot. The broth and the noodles were perfect. Sampler dish:  a variety of tofu, rolled taro, preserved egg and other stuff. Meh just skip this. Beef rendang:  my search for delicious rendang continues :( don't get me wrong the beef was tender but the sauce just did not have the flavor I was looking for. Nasi lemak:  see my above comment about rendang Salty fish fried rice: 5/5 this was very good and the kids loved it Morning glory: 5/5 wow everyone needs to order this. They make it with some sort of salty fish or spice. Delicious! Overall I would come back. Service was fast and attentive.
5 Very good food beef curry, vegetables with tofu , indian roti. A bit spicy just the way i like it. The service was a bit rushed but food was good
1 One of the worst restaurants in Chinatown. The service is extremely slow and the food is horrible. How on Earth do you mess up on a hainanese chicken rice dish for a Malaysian restaurant? This place is also cash only (C'mon, its the 21st century..get with the program or perhaps just shady business practices?). Do come here if you have an ample amount of time to kill because the food will take forever to come out or if all restaurants in the vicinity are closed.
5 Love it! Great prices for really good food, and they have tons of options to chose between. Me and my friends usually goes here for lunch and we're never disappointed.
5 We kind of ran into this place randomly, it sits next to an Italian restaurant which was very popular on the day we were there. This place does not have many people when we're went for lunch but the food was awesome.  We ordered the hai nan chicken and salted fish fried rice.  The salted fish fried rice was up to par with many other restaurant but the hainan chicken was one of the best I have ever had. The color was attractive, the chicken was fresh, and the texture was so tender. The flavor was amazing, I don't know how they do it, but definitely worth for every penny that charge you.   The price was very reasonable, only around $10 per dish for most of the things.
4 First time here. Steamed Chicken rice was below standard, curry yong tau foo was good, roti canai was excellent. Beef chow fun was good too. Fried half chicken was very good. Excellent service.
4 I used to come here a lot when I was studying in NYC. I recently came back for nostalgia sake and am glad to say that they still got it!   The Nasi Lemak is one of my fav dishes; the coconut rice is a particular treat (although, on this occasion I thought the rice could be hotter).  All in all, it's great comfort food and really hits the spot when you're craving good Malaysian.
4 I spent 2 weeks in Malaysia while traveling & absolutely loved the food there. I knew I needed to find an authentic Malay dining experience when I came to NYC, as it would be the closest I could get to the real thing. To start, we ordered the roti and spring rolls, which were dangerously good & incredibly authentic. Most spring rolls these days have very thick dough & this was thin & crispy, just how I like it. We also got the chow keuh teow , which was our FAV in Malaysia and it did not disappoint. We also ordered the Thai inspired Tom yum soup, and to our disappointment, although good, it didn't resemble real or similar Tom yum soup. It was still tasty, so we can't complain too much. Our service was average, with the waitress taking a little too long to tend to us, but overall enjoyable & would recommend.
5 truly an amazing meal. so satisfying for a great price. excellent and efficient service. food was out so quickly and at the perfect temperature.  i had the prawn mee and the soup base is so interesting and complex.   this place is perfect.
4 I ordered the beef chow fun and it came in a pretty big portion. It was a little disappointing that the food was dry and did not have much flavor. The chow fun was quite bland. I was expecting it to be more juicy. However, the Thai iced tea was really good.
5 Everything we ordered was delicious here! The Hainanese chicken is a MUST - it's perfectly moist and juicy, not dry and stringy at all. The sauce was flavorful and not overly powerful. We also got the roti canai, and it was flakey yet soft with such a savory curry to dip. I don't eat Malaysian much, but this restaurant makes me wonder why not.
3 I thought the food was okay. I ordered Indian pancake, hunanese chicken, and claim tomyum soup. I had better indian pancake and hunanese chicken before. The curry for Indian pancake was not as flavorful as I expected. The chicken was okay. The soy sauce needed to be better. However, the service was really quick and nice. Servers were friendly. The price was also decent. Great for a quick dinner.
5 Our all time fave Malaysian restaurant in NYC! Been going here since 2002. We've never been disappointed with the food or the service! Great food, cheap and staff is friendly! We even order for pick up when at work! Must try Kari Ayam, Garlic chicken & Indian Mee Goreng!
5 Excellent food. Great service. Great prices. Excellent ambiance. We started with the Chicken Satay which was great and shared chicken rice (Soo good) coconut rice (good but realize it's sweet) and Nyonya Kari Ayam (chicken with lemongrass and coconut curry) and house squid. The chicken is so incredible I have to go back ASAP
5 authentic, reasonably prices malaysian + thai food with excellent service. i love the malaysian chicken with the chicken broth rice. make sure you make a reservation if you want to come here because it's always crowded/there's always a long wait and they wont seat you until everyone in your party is there. Also it's cash only!!
2 We got the roti canai, Chow kueh Teow, and mesak lamak.     The roti canai was delicious and we finished it within a few minutes, but that was about it for the deliciousness.   My Chow kueh Teow was pretty bad. It was completely bland with some chili paste on it. No flavor besides the chili paste, it was so extremely bland that I couldn't eat past a few bites, but it was also pretty spicy. It's as if you boiled pasta and dipped it in chili paste. There's no salt or pepper or lemon or any flavor, just the chili. The squid and shrimp were even more bland than noodles, like they had been boiled and cooked without any flavor and then just tossed in the noodles.  My fiancé's mesak lamak was supposed to be spicy, but not at all spicy. He claims it was fine in taste but wished it was even a little spicy since the menu had a chili pepper on the name and it was full of de-seeded red chilies, but it had absolutely no heat if you're craving something remotely spicy.
1 Go dine in if you want. Do NOT order online.   Order placed at 12:30pm now over an hour it is still not ready for pickup. I don't care how good the food is if you have horrible service won't order from here again.
4 I simply love this place and Malaysian food in general. This place has wonderful flavors and I love their roti canai which keeps bringing me back :)
4 Tried this place out after eating at New West Malaysia the previous week. Came here around lunch time with the kids and had to wait 15 minutes for a table. The menu was pretty extensive with lots of Chinese and Malaysian food. We ordered the hainan chicken, yong taufu curry me, roti chanai ana also char mee noodles. Everything was thoroughly enjoyed by all as it was very tasty and authentic. Will definitely be coming back here again to try all the other Malaysian dishes too. Tip: Cash Only and you might be asked to share a table with another party.. they do give the option to say no though.
4 Great quality food! I got the Curry Mee with shredded chicken and it was decent. Surprisingly filling (ate it for lunch and wasn't hungry for dinner lol). I had to ask for hot sauce with it because I forgot to tell them to make it spicy. Mixed with hot sauce, it was a great meal!   One thing to keep in mind is that they are cash only. So be prepared.  Also, I could be wrong, but their tea tasted a bit stale. It wasn't as warm and tasted like it was sitting out for a day or two... not sure if it was just me though, because my friend found it alright.
5 We had dinner there last night with my family to celebrate my son's birthday and everything was perfect. The food was delicious, the service was superb, and the ambiance was very good. Overall a relaxing dinner with very good food. Just the way I want to celebrate. We will be back for sure.
3 I came here during dinner and it was a decent place to grab a meal. I had to order the Roti Canai since it is a Malaysian restaurant and I thought it was pretty good. The pancake was fluffy and the curry dip was spicy and delicious. I also had the satay tofu which was alright, nothing spectacular.   For my entree I ordered the Prawn Mee, and to be honest it was good but not the best I have had of this dish so far. I tried my friends ginger duck with rice and that was also average.   The customer service was a bit slow and disorganized. The decor was clean and nice. Overall, an average dinning experience.
5 This place has really really great malaysian food. If you havent had malaysian food and you need a great introduction, this place is it. Get the roti canai and get the chow kueh teow, the garlic chicken, hainanese chicken ( traditional COLD malaysian chicken), kang kung belcan (spicy veggie). I've been coming here with my mom since i was a kid, i dont know any place that has better malaysian food. The service could be better but its the food that really makes it.
5 I love this place!! I'm a huge south Asian food love so nothing can really disappoint but this place has some seriously good appetizers and the pineapple fried rice is way above average!! Will come back
5 Came here on a Monday night around 6:30PM and it was packed!! Granted it was a 3-day weekend, but I was still surprised to see the restaurant completely full with people standing all up in the waiting area. We waited for about 20 minutes for a table for the 3 of us and the waiters were all quite attentive. All the dishes we tried were delish and very flavorful! I'm very impressed by the quality and quantity of the food given its well-priced menu. Will definitely be back here probably with a reservation next time!
2 Order arrived very late. Packed in a way that things spilled everywhere. Needed to be in 2 bags for sure. Food quality and taste were poor and not worth the money. Very disappointed. Hope they can improve.
4 Overall great food - loved the bah ku the and hainanese chicken.   Stir fried water spinach with fermented bean curd was below average. Roti was too thin, but the curry sauce that came with it was on point. The Malaysian iced tea could be better - might try thai tea next time instead.   Cash only. Plan to spend $25+/pp
5 The food here is absolutely delicious!! I've been to the Brooklyn location as well, ever since I moved to Brooklyn, but I still prefer taking the train to Manhattan just for this.  The lighting in the store is a bit on the darker side, unless you have a table close to the windows. The smaller tables (for 2) are close to one another, so you might be sitting in close proximity to strangers.  The Pad Thai, Hainanese Chicken, Roti Canai are just some of the "must-have" dishes, but honestly I've never had a complaint with any of the dishes I've tried. The roti canai is thick and buttery (depends) served with curry sauce on the side. The Hainanese chicken is fresh and light, served with chef's soy sauce, and chili sauce on the side. All the dishes are extremely flavorful. For drinks, make sure to get the Lychee drink and the fresh coconut drink. An absolutely amazing experience each and every time!
4 The food was delicious and the service was good. The only complaint is the restaurant is a little too close for comfort. The seats were a bit too close to strangers and the plumbing might need renovation soon.   Also there wasn't enough non spicy dishes to choose from but it is a Malaysian restaurant so that's to be expected.   I was there to celebrate the New Year (Year of the Pig) and we ordered a special meal (I cannot recall the name but a picture is attached) and they gave us a lottery ticket as a gift
1 Terrible service. We placed an order and after 30+ mins still waiting. Didn't even get our appetizers yet. So we ask the server and he said they are super busy it is coming out. It looked like right after that he put in our order. I have the timestamp when we ordered and when he actually placed the order in the system.
3 Come here with my friends, I have to say the flavor is really good, however there is a middle aged waitress with tattoo on her arm is really rude and mean!!!
3 Not sure what happened in the 2 year span, but food wasn't what I remembered. Restaurant was still nice and waiters were highly attentive to my family but food quality became decent/okay, my parents agreed and told me to go to the Brooklyn location next time.
4 A thousand people can't be wrong, right?  Came here for lunch with girlfriend to try Malaysian food for the first time and wasn't disappointed.  The prices are pretty cheap and the food was delicious.  Try the different types of breads for a new experience.  Place fills up quickly so get there early.  Great for groups considering the large space.
4 Came early on bitter cold night. Had roti canai and penang laksa, both perfect for the cold. Having lived in Malaysia, can say food was authentic. Understand chef is from Penang and my server was from Ipoh. Ought to come another day to eat the rest.   Service was OK. I was there early due to an early concert, so can't say how might be when full.  Gllad place is around. Can think of 2 more Malaysian Chinese joints in Flushing, but the other Manhattan ones appear to be gone.
4 I came here for dinner on a Friday night with some friends that never had Malaysian food before so they could have a taste for the first time. I've been to a couple of Malaysian spots in Brooklyn so I had an idea of what to order already.   We started each person off with the roti canai which is basically a thin naan bread that comes with a coconut chicken curry on the side to dip. The roti in my opinion was way too thin which made it hard to get a good amount of curry in without ripping out like half of the roti. The curry itself was lackluster in flavor in comparison to what I'm used to having. I was pretty disappointed since it's one of my favorite things to get at Malaysian restaurants.  Although the roti was a disappointment, some of the main courses were very redeeming. We decided to get curry mee with shredded chicken, pineapple fried rice, chow keuh teow, beef chow fun, and sizzling beef with black pepper. I would strongly recommend the pineapple fried rice, chow keuh teow, and beef chow fun as my friends and I all agreed that those were the best dishes we ordered. One of my friends didn't think pineapple would work with savory food but immediately changed her mind after having the pineapple fried rice so that def says something!  The service here was good, our waiter was quick and attentive considering how packed it was that day. Prices are pretty good here, you can get full without having to spend more than 12-15 dollars a person. This place is definitely worth the try!
4 Was here with a few friends for dinner on a Sunday night and this place was packed at around 8:00 pm. This a cash only place and they have an extensive menu.  I ordered the Ginger Duck ($13.50) which wasn't that great primarily because there was too much fat on the meat... but once you get rid of that fat everything was very delicious. The duck had good seasoning and the ginger wasn't overpowering at all.  We also ordered Clams with Black Bean sauce for the table which were quite forgettable and I definitely won't recommend it.  Service was good and quick and food arrived within 25 mins. of us placing an order.
3 Had dinner here the other night with my family. Overall, food and service were good. The vegetarians ordered the roti canai based on Yelp reviews... it was basically an oily, watery, curry sauce with a crispy roti. Maybe the chicken version is better... but def not something I would order again. We ordered the stuffed tofu with cucumbers and bean sprouts and asked to omit the shrimp paste. That was ok... felt like the overall dish was a bit bland. We also had the fried "tofu duck" and Malaysian Buddhist (veg dish)... both of which were good but not great. We asked them to make the dishes spicy but unfortunately were disappointed. The non-vegetarians had the chicken curry with rice and Singapore noodles. Singapore noodles were not too impressive either. The food was a bit lacking in flavor for my liking. Perhaps the meat dishes are better. The place was pretty busy and seemed popular.  Worth a try if you're in the area and in the mood for something different than typical pad Thai.
5 Great eastern aisan food, there were a lot of people when we arrived there. The chicken was great. Would love to go there more.
5 I came to nyonya with 2 friends after a friend had hyped this place up. This place is utterly amazing. Amazing doesn't even do the food justice. We ordered a ton of food. We ordered the curry noodles, roti, hainese chicken, and fish head soup and shaved ice for dessert. I myself loved the curry noodles it wasn't spicy but it was so flavourful and filling. It's pretty good for $9. The hainese chicken did not disappoint. I've grown up eating hainese chicken and this place over delivered on the food.   The only thing I didn't like on the menu was the shaved ice. It was a bit too different from my taste of a dessert but worth a try
1 Nope don't go. Malay food is a favorite of ours and we were excited to try Nyonya after seeing reviews posted in their window, but we were SO disappointed.   We started with a Roti Cania which was thinner than usual and came with the signature accompanying curry which was bland. It tasted like someone kept adding chicken broth to prevent it from running out. It's supposed to have a peanut flavor. There was nothing.   For entrees, they sell whole fish at market price prepared a variety of ways. We wanted snapper in their ginger soy sauce, but were told snapper can only be fried "because it's not fresh." Like idiots, we got the bass instead. Big mistake it was fresh and when it came out it was actually tough. Kudos to them that they took it back without argument.   We also the Hainanese Chicken as an entree which is their signature dish and one my family loves from our time living in SE Asia. It was flavorless. It did not taste as if it was cooked in the sauce and all of the sauce was pooled at the bottom. Not good. You can get better from any of the lunch stands along Canal Street.   Don't go! Don't fall into the trap.
4 Cross the street for Shabu place that took 1.30 mins wait so we decided to ate here and we were staved so we ordered shrimp puffs, chicken satay, beef satay, seweed soup with seafoods, sautee watercress, hunan chicken and spicy squids. Oh almost forgot chicken favor rice. Everythings were good but one question!! Did they served their chicken cold? I never go here so it is hard to tell because chicken came out cold but taste good. I will come back again for try others in their menu.
4 Great spot for authentic Malaysian food. Nice ambiance! I love the roti, curry vegetable broth and Kwai kiao! Nice ambiance also.
4 It's spacious and doesn't have a long wait, so it's a great place to go for a last minute weekend dinner with friends. I've been here twice (both times last minute) and eaten family style. The menu can be pretty overwhelming, but we tried different dishes each time. For any vegetarians/pescetarians: Try roti canai (ask for veggie curry instead of the meat curry), pineapple fried rice (ask for no meat), fried crispy vegetarian duck (tofu skin), curry mixed vegetables in a clay pot, or salted fish with Chinese broccoli.
4 I was pleasantly surprised by this Malaysian restaurant in Chinatown. Upon walking in, the interior looks very updated and clean; the restaurant is pretty deep and has plenty of tables for customers. We were seated immediately and given cups of tea.  As for their food, the menu is expansive and overwhelming. We were literally flipping through a book of options, which is hard because I'm extremely indecisive. We ordered their Roti Canai, which was extremely thin and flaky. The curry dipping sauce was really good, but I wish the roti wasn't so flimsy. I also got their Hainanese Chicken with Rice; their rice was supposed to have chicken flavoring and a yellow-ish appearance. Although it looked like the picture, the flavor was lackluster. However, the actual chicken was good, but the portion was pretty small. Our last dish was the Chow Kueh Teow, or seafood stir fried noodles. There was a significant amount of seafood in the dish, especially super chewy squid. I personally liked this dish the most because of the flavor and ingredients.  Our waiter was pretty attentive to our table throughout the night and refilled our tea as necessary. I wish the prices were slightly more affordable, especially since the portion sizes aren't great. However, Nyonya is definitely worth a try!
5 Classic authentic restaurant with plenty of food options. The roti was good, and the Hainanese chicken was delicious! Portions are big, and meals are at a great value. Polite and attentive staff.
5 Found this via Yelp and am so happy I did. Came for lunch and was impressed with the cuisine and service! Malay fusion flavors were such a delight!Definitely will be back soon.
4 Decent pricing, especially for dinner. The restaurant is very cozy and waiters are easy to flag down. Me and my group made up a group of 5 and all of our orders came out rather quickly. One of my friends ordered a drink but it never came, so we flagged someone down and it got resolved quickly. BTW, there's a squid dish in the appetizer section that tells you it's really fishy and to talk to the waiter. For real! It's not for everyone. And I don't think it says on the menu, but it's raw... So careful, my friends
5 Roti Chanai and Curry mixed vegetables in a clay pot is the best way to start, I love everything about this restaurant! Clean and very attentive and friendly staff    So many options, the fried chicken and salted fried rice is a must try
3 I used to love coming here more often. Spacious restaurant with lots of seatings. Staff was friendly.   Roti: it was okay. Pretty big portion and the curry was pretty good.  Indian Mee Goreng: a bit greasy and small portion.  Prices are reasonable. Food wasn't as memorable as it was to me though.
2 food is good but service is poor. Waiters cannot smile, seems rushed and cannot say thank you even when delivering the check.
2 Somehow not as good as when I came here in 2008 and 2015.  Still packed, still crowded, still cash only.  But the food did not taste as fresh, the flavors were off, the Roti Canai was mediocre, the Hokkien Mee did not taste as fresh, the noodles were overcooked. Hainan Chicken was especially bad with fatty, bony, skimpy chicken not generous, difficult to eat, hardly any there.  We thought the rice too was overcooked and badly made.  Seems this destination is serving too much and cannot handle the crowds, the takeout, the constant pressure to perform. They have way too many items on the menu, way too many customers, it's really a madhouse like Grand Central Station and the quality, as a result, is suffering.  A few nights later were were staying in Flushing and came upon a simple eatery called Malay Restaurant, and it truly was excellent, much better than Nyonya and I highly recommend Malay Restaurant in Flushing for those who want to experience authentic Malaysian cooking without 500 other guests in the room.  Malay Restaurant Address: 135-17 40 Rd, Flushing, NY 11354 Phone: (718) 353-2901
3 Service was great. Slight smell in the restaurant threw me off. Rojak was terrible. The paste was quite old and fruit and veg not as fresh. Char kuew teow had the wok flavor which is great but they use pad Thai noodles. Meh. Chicken rice was ok.  Came here 4 years ago and remembered it being better. Probably not coming back again.
4 I gave 4 stars because the wait for the food was a bit long during my visit even though the restaurant was not crowded. The food looks very authentic. The menu offers a wide range of options, from personal to shared dishes. We ordered the Prawn Mee and Wonton Mee. The Prawn Mee's broth was very good. Will return to try out their other dishes.
5 Roti canai was creamy and savoury. The hokkien char mee is my go to. Great service,  nice ambiance.
4 Food is fabulous (hainanese chicken and roti canai were two highlights) but don't get the coconut or mango puddings. They're jello. Otherwise, great restaurant!
4 Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 2pm and there was still a wait (although only a few mins), but can see this place being pretty crowded during a more typical busy time. I can see why though as the food was really delicious and cheap.  Roti Canai - great appetizer to start with as it wasn't too heavy, was very crisp although falls apart pretty easily if not careful  Prawn Mee Soup - probably my favorite dish and one of the first soups I've tasted where the prawn flavor has such a dominating presence (in a good way). We ended up dipping leftover roti canai in the soup which tasted good too  Nasi Lemak - supposed to be one of their most popular items, but actually was not my favorite. I wasn't expecting most of the sides it comes with to be cold, but they did give a really generous portion of meat  Overall, would definitely recommend this place. They're cash only, and I don't think they take reservations for smaller parties, but it could be worth the wait if you're in the area.
1 This review is for the seamless order from this restaurant. This place is consistently late with order delivery and today's order was canceled abruptly 2 hours after I made it without any explanation from the restaurant. I called to check with them and they confirm that the order was on the way. It was extremely unprofessional of the restaurant to cancel my order without any communication with the customer. A note on the food, as a Malaysian, the quality of the food leaves a lot to be desired. If you're in the mood for something cheap like I was, then by all means, go for it. But unless you're ready for Bland Nasi Lemak, tasteless satay, and unacceptably horrendous service, avoid this restaurant at all costs.
3 Not the greatest Malaysian food, I am from Malaysia and I know how the food should taste like.
4 Just a heads up: gets VERY crowded during peak hours and CASH ONLY!  Nyonya has been a staple Malaysian spot for me and everyone I've met growing up in NYC. Affordable, delicious, and quick, what is there not to like?  Over the years, though, I noticed some changes, but nothing drastic enough to stop me from stopping by to satisfy my cravings. Some of my favorite dishes have gotten oilier (fried pearl noodles for one) and portion sizes have decreased while prices have increased. My boyfriend typically gets the beef rendang, but he too commented on the portion size of that decreasing. He ends up just ordering the full beef rendang entree with side orders of rice instead of the beef rendang with rice option, due to portion size.  Another thing that recently happened -- I absolutely love the tom yum noodle soup here. I always go out of my way just to go to Nyonya whenever I'm craving tom yum. However, it's seafood tom yum and I'm not a huge fan of seafood so the waiters always let me sub the seafood for beef. The last time I was here, though, the waiter told me I couldn't have any subs and that he doesn't believe I could have ever done so even though I clearly have for many years. Still can't find a place with better tom yum noodle soup, so I just let it slide and fed the seafood to my boyfriend.  All in all, delicious food, and definitely give it a try if you're in the mood for Malaysian food!
4 Great authentic Malaysian food for a fraction of the cost. Every time I've been here, there's always been a wait (although I've never had to wait more than 10 minutes). The service is fast paced and food comes to the table pretty quickly.  The menu is extensive and there's so many options to choose from. But my favorites are the following:  Homemade Roti Canai - Crispy-style pancake and curry dipping sauce. The roti is thin and crispy, always hot and fresh, and the curry sauce is spicy. You must start with this!  Nasim Lemak - Curry chicken on a bone served with chili, anchovy, pickles, and hardboiled egg. This is my personal favorite! I'm not sure what it is about this dish but the flavors cannot be replicated in any other dish I've tried before.  Chow Kueh Teow - Malaysian stir-fried flat rice noodles with shrimp, chive, squid, bean sprouts, eggs, soy sauce and chili paste. Also served hot and spicy, like all the other dishes. The dish is super flavorful. Usually when you think of noodles, you think of chicken, beef, or shrimp, but the squid adds an exquisite taste.  This is my go-to for a cheap quick meal and will definitely come back.
4 I've never been disappointed by this place. Food is always delicious and consistent. As well as the lines!   Sarang Burong is one of my favorite dishes (for the taro lovers). The coconut pudding is amazing.
5 Nyonya is a delicious Malaysian place that will satisfy your fill of that region's cuisine.  Note the restaurant is cash only and has the vibe of a typical Chinese restaurant - that's how you know it's good. Service was surprisingly solid though.  We ordered the Roti Parata and Roti Kanai to start. Many mention the Kanai in other reviews but the parata is actually my favorite. The Hainanese Chicken was delicious and the Nasi Lemak is delicious with coconut rice.  Nyonya is fun and a genuine food adventure.
5 Really good Malaysian food! Roti canai is just perfect. They make them simply delicious! I ordered the Mee Curry with shredded chicken and spicy egg noodles and loved it. Comfort food at it's best! Great experience.
3 Ambiance: 6/10 Food: 8/10 Service: 7/10  As someone who LOVES Malaysian food, I never have much to complain about! The food at Nyonya is on point- it's reliable, always consistent and never not what you expect.   The ambiance is okay- casual for sure. They could definitely up the ante a bit with some more decor or music or something considering it's such a popular place but nothing that will hinder me from returning to this place.   The service is good as well- I always want hot sauce and they're were great about giving me choices & bringing me what I want. I dropped my chopsticks and they got me a new pair as well as a new plate but after having to ask twice. There was also a delay in our food because I noticed the 2 tables behind us that came after us but got their food before us.   We ordered Roti Kanai (which was more crispy than soft), Hanai Chicken which lacked some Flavor & the shrimp noodles that were pretty good! The two things I truly enjoyed were the oyster omelette and chicken satay! I think there are particular things that Nyonya is very good at so if I keep to ordering those, it'll be a great meal!
5 My last meal on earth will include the Vegetable Casserole from Nyonya. It's not really a casserole, more of a stew filled with every color of vegetable you can imagine in a mild curry broth that makes you want to weep, it's so tasty. At ~$13, it'll make you see God without breaking the bank. Order it, order it spicy, enjoy.
5 Met up with our local friend and asked him to decide where to eat. Brought us to this hidden Malaysian place and it was DELICIOUS!   Place is a cash Only, but the price is very affordable. We ordered 4 dishes to share (spicy Thai chicken, curry beef, pork belly, and noodles) came to $60 tips in!  Very flavourful and big enough portion to share.   Highly recommended for some local food that's not a chain or a franchise!
5 Came here everytime when I'm home sick. Roti Canai, kangkung belacan and Hokkien Mee noodle are to die for. My husband had fish head noodle and it was delicious. Curry noodle with Yong tau foo taste amazing. The food is authentic and taste the same back home where I came from, Penang!
5 Out of all the Nonya locations, this one is my favorite! It's never too packed, and the service is always so attentive and friendly. The moment you enter, it smells so warm and welcoming. The space is massive, comfortably sitting 100+ guests and there typically is not a wait to sit. They've got simple, but classic decor, with beige wallpaper on one side and brick wall on the opposite side.   During the winter months, they give free tea as soon as you sit. Most entrees are below $12, and appetizers are less than $7, so you can try a bit of everything! My favorite dishes are the roti canai, nasi lemak, hainan chicken, and all the desserts. The coconut one especially! On a side note, I went to an "authentic" malaysian restaurant once where the food was so expensive and not that great, so I'd choose Nyonya's prices and deliciousness any day.   For a simple, fun evening out, I definitely recommend Nyonya!
5 The service, ambience, and food was excellent. It's my first time here and trying Malaysian food. They offer many tasty dishes that I will have to come back to try if I'm ever in town. Some of the meal comes with a choice of white, brown, or COCONUT RICE. My friend and I shared the Roti Canai (curry), Mango Chicken, Kang Kung Belacan (vegetable dish), and a coconut ginger rice. Although, I'm not a big fan of coconut but I got it anyways cause I was curious of how it would taste and it was delicious like I don't even know how to describe the taste.  I wish I got a picture of the food but sis as in me, got a little hungry and just went in. The only bad thing I'd have to say is that this place ONLY accepts cash so it can be pretty inconvenient.
5 Description: Amazing restaurant in Chinatown that offers an array of Asian cuisine  Service: The servers are much nicer and patient that most other places in Chinatown  Atmosphere: Inside is big and clean. It is quite loud   Items Tasted - Roti Canai/Roti Prata: The canai bread is thinner and has a crackling sound when you break it. The prata bread is less crispy and rips like soft bread. The curry dip is good, but it is somewhat lukewarm. It would be better if it was hotter  - Tomyam Noodle: This is delicious. They give a good amount of seafood. It is also not too spicy - Hainanese Chicken Rice Dish: I heard this was one of their best dishes here and it doesn't disappoint. The chicken is highly quality and super tender
4 Prawn mee is a highlight here. The prawn broth is super flavorful and the noodles are so yummy.   Laksa was of a different kind... it was very sour and tasted more like Burmese Moh Hinga. Just not what I was expecting, and I don't prefer sour things but maybe this will sound great to others!   The taro nest was also the group's favorite. All the seafood inside was fresh and the taro perfectly fried.   For an appetizer, the roti prata is better than the roti canai. Prata is more doughy and pull apart while Canai has a very thin crisp texture but has less taste as a result.
5 Mmmmm this hit all the good points I look for.. taste, accessibility, portion, and price.  (cash only is a bummer but i'm willing to get over it)  Came with a group of 5 for lunch on Saturday and we were seated quickly to my surprise.   Food: (okay, everything we got was good) -roti canai: delicious, flaky, light, yum. dipped in the curry/sauce -prawn mee: smooth, seafoody, shrimpy taste -eggplant, hainanese chicken, beef rendang all gooooood  Price: after tax/tip, we all spent about $15 total which is a great deal for NYC for such a delicious meal. highly recommend
5 My goodness this was a fantastic meal.  NOTE: CASH ONLY.  *** FOOD *** The menu can be pretty overwhelming and this was my first foray into Malaysian cuisine so I took my time with this menu. In the end though I feel that you can't really go wrong. We started off with the roti prata and then had the curry mee with shredded chicken and the beef rendang. Everything was so deliciously flavored--the perfect amount of heat to accompany the curry overtones and cool cilantro--I wish we had more people so we could sample more.  *** AMBIANCE *** Sort of a cross between a bustling Chinatown cash only dive join and a nicer romantic dinner spot. Don't ask me what I mean when you go in you'll see.  *** SERVICE *** Standard.
1 Delivery was due an hour ago, still waiting!  Called to follow up and they said the driver will be here in three minutes - that was over 10 minutes ago.  If you order from here, expect to wait hours for delivery.
3 the food here is delicious, but the service really isn't great. came here for dinner with a friend last friday, and her dish was served to her a solid 15 minutes before mine. Not even exaggerating. Defeats the purpose of eating dinner with someone else. she also claimed her food came out luke warm.
3 We split the roti (highly recommend, flaky and tender with a delicious curry sauce) and the duck which was amazingly tender though we didn't love the sauce.
4 I usually love the roti canai.  However, I was there on an off day and it was incredibly crumbly and not chewy at all.  I've had it enough to state that it is great paired with the curry.  We ordered the Singapore mai fun, which is good, but I prefer it with more yellow curry.    The wonton mein was wonderful in the chicken soup.  It was super flavorful and wholesome.
5 My go-to when I'm craving Malaysian food in town. I am Malaysian so I grew up with these food, but it is kinda a stretch to fly to Malaysia on a whim every time I have a craving.   Introducing Nyonya.  P.S. You are coming here for the food, not the service. The service is subpar at most; the servers are usually pretty cranky and not very polite.  The food though is relatively cheap and come out in huge portions!  I have had several things here so far: - Fried Octopus Balls: yummy! basically balls of fried oil. :-) My favorite.  - Roti Canai: you can never go wrong with this! Although the second time we ordered it, it wasn't as fluffy and was a bit tough to bite through.  - Char Kueh Teow: This is a classic Malaysian dish, and it is done well here at Nyonya. However, the noodles they use in this dish are thinner and unlike the Char Kueh Teow noodles I'm used to (flatter, bigger).  - Laksa: Not super spicy, but different from what I'm used to.   - Prawn Mee: Delicious egg noodles!  We ordered 5 dishes and it all came out to only $35 for two people. That is a really cheap price for New York, guys!! I couldn't finish all of my food and had to take it to-go.  I highly recommend this place!  FYI it is CASH ONLY, but there is an ATM located next to the Italian ice cream statue two doors down.
3 Tried their food the second times and each time you would find the restaurant packed with waiting customers.  A restaurant like this you would hope them to provide fresher food but I was disappointed with their pork intestines and chewy vegetables.  The intestines tasted like it's not fresh at all and they did not clean up properly. My friend ordered the dish but only tried one bite. The rest became a waste. The vegetables were so chewy and feel like you have to chew like a thousand times to swallow.  The general flavor is proper but the food quality is not so satisfying. Would say only 2.5 stars.
4 I can always count on Nyonya for a satisfying Malaysian meal! I am always a fan of Nyonya in their other locations in Brooklyn and Queens as well. This location is a lot more spacious and cleaner. This place is cash only and they have it in big letters at the door, so bring cash!   Roti Canai is a lot more crispy than what I remembered. I usually like the more doughy part of it. Curry that came with it was really good! It had a tiny spicy level to it and it was really flavorful! I dumped the rest of the curry into my rice once we were done with the roti.  My friends and I shared a variety of entrees family style: Hainanese Chicken, Eggplant with Shrimp, Watercress, and Beef with Black Pepper. I thought every dish was really good, however, a tad salty but I love salty.  Malaysian Iced Tea was also really refreshing as well.  Inexpensive and gets the job done! I am a big fan!
4 Came here on a Saturday night with a couple of friends. It was packed but we got seated within 5 minutes.  Usually when I come here I get the curry beef over rice or hainanese chicken over rice. You can never go wrong with those options. However this time I decided to try the prawn mee. The broth wasn't that spicy and had some sweetness to it which I wasn't a fan of personally. However I did really enjoy the egg noodles. I'm a fan of thick chewy noodles and these noodles were on point.   Most of the rice and noodle dishes are around $10 so that's pretty decent. One bad thing is that this is a cash only establishment though but there's a chase bank nearby so it's not that big of a deal.
3 I think I made a mistake ordering the beef noodles. It was greasy and very bland. My friend ordered the Mee Goreng and it was delicious. The pratha was nice. I would go back because of the Mee Goreng. Maybe some items here are just A LOT better than others
4 Quick service, CASH ONLY, no frills restaurant with a huge menu to suit any diet or taste. This place is right next to Ferrara dessert spot (the big vertical flashing sign).  The pineapple fried rice is the best I've ever had so be sure to get that! I've tried a myriad of their other dishes and am never disappointed. Whether I'm in the mood for noodle soup, seafood, vegetarian, etc. you always get a good meal here. Portions are large too.  Plus you get hot tea with your meal!  Definitely recommend if you are in the area.
2 Really average. Hainanese chicken rice was mild in flavour and the soup had no flavour. The chicken was over salted. Char kway teow was made with wrong noodles (pad thai noodles) and tasted of soy sauce. The shrimp were mushy. Chairs were uncomfortable and not the right height for the table. Not a great experience overall. Cheap but you can get better in a suburban shopping mall in Australia.
5 I've been coming to Nyonya for years, but it has been a few since my last visit. I waited too long to come back! It's better than I remembered. I could've eaten all night. Our waiter was great and helpful to our vegetarian friend. Quick service and tons of food - you will not leave hungry!
2 Terrible experience I had, I could not go work because I had food poisoning with diarrhea vomiting and fever, after few hours of dinner I could not sleep at night  with unbearable stomachache most likely food was not clean. I put 2 review because I had really good experience before.
2 Very disappointing experience tonight. Took my clients there but the food wasn't as good as usual. Went numerous times with friends in the past and it's always been really good. Also all dishes are very salty. Won't go back
5 I've been coming here since I was a young gal (when Nyonya was actually located across the street), so this review is overdue. You can't go wrong with much here, but here are a few things I usually order:   -Roti Canai/Indian Pancake: Appetizer; I'll always start my meal with this; Small portion; for 2 people  -Hainanese Chicken: A popular favorite among locals  -Nasi Lemak: Chicken dish that's very saucey   -Spicy Thai Chicken: I've ordered this a dozen times back in the day until I got sick of it; It's basically hainanese chicken with their special sauce; Not that spicy  -Sarang Burong: Taro lovers rejoice; my favorite part to this is the crispy taro bowl  -Kang Kung Belacan: Veggie dish strong in flavor; made with shrimp paste  Great for large parties, very very affordable, large restaurant. If you haven't been here yet, it's time you do.
3 Went here a couple times while in NY, I must say this place is better than 'Rasa'. I got the Char Kueh Teow and it was good, flavorful. I gave it a 3 stars because, again, it could use more authenticity in their food. I'm a bit snooty when it comes to my own kind of cuisine especially since it's difficult to find in the States.
4 I would recommend coming with a group and eat family style. There's a lot of dishes to try out. I really liked the seafood crispy noodles.
3 This place has been on my radar for a long time, and I finally got around to coming here! I came with two other people on a Friday night at 6:30, and we didn't have to wait even though the restaurant was filling up quickly. I wanted Kuala-Lumpur style laksa (not Penang laksa like the one they have on the menu), so I asked the waiter which one it would be. He pointed to the curry noodles, and so I got that with flat rice noodles. The flavor was quite good, and the noodles were cooked perfectly - chewy and not too soft. There was a good amount of tofu skin, and there was a pepper stuffed with fish paste, okra I believe stuffed with fish paste, and tofu stuffed with fish paste. I wish the bowl of food was bigger, and the soup was quite oily. I was quite thirsty after so I suspect usage of MSG, but maybe it was just me. I would give the food 3.5 stars if I could. Ambiance was typical Asian: loud and full of people, though the restaurant felt quite modern and new. Price point was fine I guess at $8.75 pre-tax pre-tip. When we left, the restaurant was full and there were a few people waiting outside. Seems to be a popular place!
3 CASH ONLY.  4 stars for food. 2 stars for services.  I dined alone and was seated right next to the entrance area where the traffic was busy. So I asked if I can be seated at another small table in the back where seemed available that time.  The server said okay but seemed didn't like what I asked. I was disappointed for no customer service spirit.
1 Wished I could give a review on the food. Got denied to sit until my friend was there, asked if I can sit because she was coming later and I wanted food, got me a spot but no service.  Not to mention, they sat everyone and their moms before me that got there after me. Nothing, no one said anything. Got me excited for nothing being a Malaysian.
4 This place has great food. It's Malaysian fusion style food so it's got seafood and meat. Not much for vegetarians so you may have to request vegetable dishes without the meat or fish. I ordered chicken skewers, roti, eggplant with shrimp, seafood noodles with eggs and a chicken dish. All was good and tasty. Spices are reasonable as well. They bring food out whichever is ready first. So instead of getting appetizers first we just got whatever food cake first because it was so busy on a Saturday night. So just be wary of that and be okay with that. I will definitely go back and try the mango chicken! Place is clean and comfortable ambience and lots of tables. Make sure your full party is present before you request a table.
5 Nice price and super delicious foods!  HaiNan Chicken Rice is one of my favorite! And also try some India Bread if you visit!
4 Today I arrived there around 13:00,  the restaurant was not full but still quite many guests.  I was seated very quickly ordered one  Hainanese Chicken rice and a coconut drink.  The server was not friendly.  No greeting no interaction at all.  Food was served in a reasonable time. I was a little disappointed to the chicken and rice.  However the coconut drink was great.  The chicken was far different from the one I had in Singapore.  I will certainly not go there again.
5 Very authentic Malaysian food fare here.  Especially like the Assam Laksa and the Chow Kuai Teow.
1 Terrible experience ordering takeout here. Ordered 2 items and they made me wait 35mins for it. When I asked about the food they gave me a nasty attitude and said it was coming. When I finally asked for a refund he said he will check the order for me and it turns out they didn't even start making my food. I would not recommend ordering takeout at this location at all!
5 After the other Malaysian place on 72nd closed years ago, this is the only one that I know of that caters to my preferences. The service is fast, and most of the dishes are not found elsewhere. Strongly recommended! (I wish they had non-alcoholic beer)
5 I would come again and again for their Hainanese chicken. The Hainanese chicken is my "must ordered" dish in Nyonya. If you really like chicken I'd suggest you pair the chicken with the chicken rice( the mix the chicken oil in the rice so it has another layer of chicken taste) for group of two I always get a chicken, one seafood dish and one veggie dish, two rice and drinks. The price is very appealing (very affordable) but they only take cash. So beware of that.
3 It's not that easy to find Malaysian food in NYC. Nyonya is clean and the food tastes decent, but not outstanding. Service can be slow.  Roti Canai: - it looks really impressive, but unfortunately it's lukewarm / mostly cold and the curry dipping sauce tastes weird   Sarang Burong (fried taro next): - loved the fried taro nest part of the dish - the veggie and chicken stuffings are not very fresh  Sautéed Frog with Ginger Scallion: - It tastes okay, just a little bit bland  Malaysian iced coffee: - a bit too sweet
3 Taste: The foods are great. The squids with fish sauce was my favorite dish. Chicken broth rice was delicious too. The best part is the coconut pudding; the taste made my day.  However, I have concern about its sanitation. I was given 4 spoons for distributing the coconut pudding amongst my friends. I first saw 2 of them were not clean, having food vestiges on the concave surfaces. I washed them in the hot tea by myself because the service had been slow. That's bad but okay compared to the later part. The worst part was the last bit of my coconut pudding, I tasted the flavor of chives. We didn't order anything with chives because I never like its taste. So it must came from the convex side of that spoon.  I got it out of my mouth; that was gross. I hope at least all utensils were sanitized.  3 points are for the taste, but I may not go there again.
1 Third time to this restaurant and the 3rd time I've been utterly disappointed by the food. I ordered the classic roti canai with chicken curry - only problem, no chicken! Just two potatoes. I asked the waiter why there was no chicken in curry and he quite rudely told me that there was nothing he could do about it! Next I ordered a blue crab in house special curry, but the taste of chlorine was strong enough to put me off. Quite clearly the crabs weren't washed properly. I also got the pork belly with yam, again a huge disappointment. Also the hot tea was very low quality, not typical refreshing tea you expect at an Asian establishment.   After 3 visits, I can emphatically say that this was probably the worst Malaysian food experience of my life.
5 Good food, really good service. Very affordable prices... This is a great first date spot in a cool area of the city with a lot of other things to do as well. Had a really good time there
4 I usually come here with my friend and her kids. We usually order homemade roti: hainanese chicken, pineapple fried rice and beef with broccoli.  The kids love the roti I love it too. Not that spicy. The hainanese chicken was good too very fresh.  The pineapple fried rice I thought it was a little spicy.   Beef with broccoli taste good. The beef cool good. Would definitely. One back again and try other dishes.
5 A Malaysian friend was ecstatic about the recent Malaysian independence news, and so asked us if we wanted to go get Malay food with him to celebrate - of course we said yes, especially if it's Nyonya! I've been here once before, and the food was delicious but it's been a minute since then. We made a reservation for 3 for 7 pm on a Sunday, calling earlier in the afternoon to see if it was worth the trek to Chinatown. Fortunately they did have space - when we did get there though, we had to wait a little bit (~10 minutes?) just because of how many people were in the restaurant. It was packed!! The smells were fantastic, and by the time we were seated we were famished. We had our friend order for us, and he got a flat noodle-bean sprout-chicken/shrimp chow mein, a sweet and sour veggie noodle soup, a Chicken and pork rice plate, marinated fruit (apples, pineapples, melon pieces in a savory black bean sauce) as our entrees, and two shaved ice-esque desserts. My favorite entree was the flat noodle chow mein, the soy sauce wasn't too overpowering and the bean sprouts were still crunchy - something many American places do wrong. The sweet and sour noodle soup was a little too on the sour side for me, but according to our Malay friend they got the flavor just right. The pork in the rice plate was delicious, seemingly slow cooked in a heavily spiced sauce that went perfectly with the rice and chicken. The marinated fruit was definitely an acquired taste, don't know if I would have ordered the fruit had he not ordered it (slightly different flavor profile than, for example, Tajin and fruit) but it was interesting to try. The two shaved ice desserts were good, but what threw us off were the colors of the rice balls/mochis... One was bright green (our friend said it's normally a light spring green, not the neon green we had) while the other jelly was an interesting seafoam green. Flavors were good, not too heavy on the condensed milk, but the color was a little weird to eat. Overall, service was adequate for how busy the restaurant was, food was delicious, and prices were very fair. Would come back again for sure.
5 I can't believe I had not discovered this place sooner. They do not take reservations, and you will have to wait for at least 20 minutes but all worth it. The best part is that you can try different dishes and not pay a fortune. The service is very fast paced, and therefore food comes to the table pretty fast. Overall, I recommend this gem, and I will definitely come back. I ordered the following: Roti Canai (indian Pancake) a malaysian all time favorite. crispy style pancake and curry dipping sauce. hot and spicy   Nasi Lemak Coconut rice flavored with cloves and screw-pine leaves. Served with chili anchovy, pickle, curry chicken with bone and hard boiled egg. Hot and spicy.  Hainanese Chicken with Rice Steamed chicken with bones (room temperature), cucumbers and Chef's special soy sauce with chicken flavored rice.
2 Food was okay Order took too long Cant believe they brought entree AND THEN appetizer... They charged 15% for party of 4. I thought tipping is based on customer experience... unless there was a party of 6. Meh :-/
3 The food is authentic enough. I mean, if they can't do a good nasi lemak, char kuey teow, or satay then they don't have any business calling themselves a Malaysian restaurant. But hold the phone, I'd love to add some comments:  1) Where's the salt? If you have high blood pressure but also love Malaysian food then this place would be nirvana. The curry served with the roti canai is borderline bland/tasteless. Ditto the satay sauce. They spend a lot of time mixing the turmeric and galangal just to be authentic but evidently forgot the salt as well.   2) Cash only? In this day and age? I leave San Franciso just so that I can use my credit card in a restaurant.  3) There was a bit of smell in the restaurant. Hard to describe, but I would guess a mix of wet carpet and raw chicken.  I would probably recommend Rasa over in Greenwich Village if you want some good authentic Malaysian food. Plus they take credit cards as well.
4 I've been wondering about this place but my friend kept me from going for her unknown judgment about this place. However I did get a chance to be nearby so I finally made it! The place was packed during dinner time on a weekday, but getting a takeout didn't take too long. Hainan Chicken rice was on point, I couldn't stop myself from eating, especially the dark sauce. It's a little disappointing that they used chicken breast, but the chicken was tender and moist. It's hard to find a place with decent Hainan chicken so I will treasure this place until I find another one.
5 One of the best meals we had while visiting NYC.   I wish there's one like this in San Francisco so we can frequent on a weekly basis.  Good food, healthy size serving, and reasonably priced.  Also excellent service.  Just remember to bring cash.  We didn't know about this until we got to the restaurant. Luckily, between the two of us we have enough cash to order up a feast of a meal.  We will certainly visit this place again.
4 Good, solid Malaysian food. The photos in the menu look better than the actual dishes, but the flavors are all there.  -Chow Kueh Teow - great traditional noodle dish. This is a Malaysian staple and it didn't disappoint. -Nyonya Kari Ayam - We wanted to try something new so we ordered this on a whim, not realizing it'd taste exactly like the chicken curry that you typically get on the side with Roti Canai. It was still tasty, but just unexpectedly familiar.  -House Special Special Pork with Yam - I've been craving this dish since trying it at a Malaysian restaurant in Flushing a few months ago. The yam soaks up all the rich sauces and juices from the braised pork belly, making the dish sooo very appetizing. The dish hit the spot, though the serving size felt small.  Cash only. The restaurant is actually bigger than it looks from the outside, making it a good option for larger groups.
5 Nyonya started their business about 2 decades ago. I used to climb on their front window as a little kid and watch them make their Indian pancake; it was my favorite food at the time. Wish they would still show us how they make their indian pancake, it was pretty cool to watch.   I visit Nyonya just to try their Indian pancake again (aka Homemade Canai). Surprisingly, it is still as good. The color still looks clean white. It's still crunchy and soft at some part which is how I remembered it's supposed to be. My second favorite food there is their Hainanese Chicken Rice with white meat. Perhaps, the fact that this is the first restaurant where I had Hainanese Chicken Rice, I always thought their recipe is the original, like this is how it's supposed to taste like.  I didn't eat-in this time but according to memory from just a few years ago, their waitress serves a free side of attitude. Might update on this the next time I eat-in. ---------------------------------------------- Update: Came here for lunch with my family on a Tuesday afternoon; the food were great and waiters were attentive. Look at the picture I posted of their beautiful amazing Homemade Roti Canai (Indian Pancake). It was glorious. The Tomyam noodle was very sour, try it if you like hot and sour like I do.
4 Amazing food for SUCH A CHEAP PRICE. It was incredible. I recommend everyone to go there! Very lowkey.
4 My friend, who's a local, took us to this Malaysian restaurant near Chinatown for dinner. Upon arrival, we waited a couple minutes to be seated, which was reasonable, given our large group of around 11 people. They are cash only, so be prepared to bring it.  At the top of my head, the standout dishes were the Beef Rendang, the Hainanese Chicken, and a fried noodles dish. These three dishes were so delicious and had the flavor and spices you would expect to find at an asian restaurant! The hint of lemongrass flavor in the Beef Rendang was great and the sauce that accompanied the Hainanese Chicken made it perfect. I'm a big fan of Hainan Chicken, and this version of it was equally as delicious. The Pineapple Fried Rice was good, but not great. We topped it off with two other dishes but they weren't as noteworthy.   Overall, it was a great dinner given the standout dishes that we had. The jackpot, however, was the cost! For the large party that we had, it was only around $11 per person! Nyonya is certainly a place to go to if you want a cheap and reasonable meal during your travels.
5 This restaurant was absolutely fantastic. The meal I ordered (Hokkien Mee) consisting of shrimp, squid, chicken, and pork grilled with egg noodles and soy sauce was the single best Asian food I've ever had. The prices are very reasonable and the portion size is sure to fill you up. The staff is incredibly friendly and work together to serve customers in a packed restaurant quickly. Lastly, the atmosphere and decor is beautiful and makes you feel relaxed and welcome.  Would absolutely recommend and can't wait to go again!
4 No frills Malaysian spot that delivers.  If you show up early on the weekend, roti canai may not be available. Service is blunt but attentive.    The roti canai was paper thin delicate, yet still crispy enough to have texture. Ive never had roti canai this thin, but it did a great job soaking up the curry. The curry was standard, but the chicken chunks inside the cup were juicy, tender, and delicious.    The mee goreng is everything I would want from that dish. Robust sauce, al dente noodles, roasted vegetables, and some charred shrimp. I wish they gave me more shrimp, but its not meant to be a boatload of them.
2 Horrible service. We had to ask for our water twice on a hot summer day in NYC. Food wasnt great. We ordered half a chicken with coconut rice.
4 Always too loud to have conversations with friends. But the food is always good. The seating area gets unreasonably crowded. You will easily bump into people and have to apologize all around if you wanna move out for bathroom.
5 Extremely tasty food at very reasonable prices. We went with kids and they thoroughly enjoyed the soups.
2 Disappointed by their chef as the food was less than mediocre. Roti was soggy, noodles were bland.  Some of the contents in the noodles had a foul taste.
4 Found this place after a quick trip to Singapore and it fulfilled my cravings for Malaysian food. You will definitely find dishes like hainanese chicken, beef curry, roti prata, and sambal shrimp. Overall, good value for your money and the food comes fast.
3 Three stars for the food, zero star for the waitresses, arrogant and impolite, one of them even became so mean and loudly criticized us not paying enough tips, come on, you really don't understand why we refuse to do that??? Look at yourself, shame, shame, shame!
4 Great food and atmosphere. When I arrived on a Saturday afternoon there were many people waiting for a table but I was able to be seated immediately as a solo diner. I started off with a roti canai and then went for the prawn mee noodle soup. The roti was very fragrant and came with a delicious curry sauce. The prawn mee had fresh ingredients and good-quality noodles, and the flavor was good if a bit on the salty side.
4 3.5 Stars but I'll round up to 4 Stars.  10 of us dined at Nyonya tonight.  They are SERIOUS when they say they will NOT seat you until your entire party has arrived; and they are also strictly cash only.  We arrived at 6pm on a Friday night, and the place was packed, with a waitlist.  We did have reservations, but again, could not get seated until our entire party arrived.  We had a pre-planned menu to share.  When we ordered the Nyonya Rojak (fruit salad w.squid, shrimp paste, sesame seeds & peanuts), our waiter warned us that most people do not like this dish! (Thanks for the heads up! lol)  I hesitated....but went ahead and ordered it anyway!  Thankfully, my fellow diners are also adventurous eaters.   It was definitely an interesting dish! Glad we tried it (it was so unique!), but I definitely wouldn't order it again! hahaha My fav dishes of the night were the beef rendang, lady fingers and the mee siam noodles. The other dishes were good but very ordinary.   Here is the menu shared by 10 ppl: Nyonya Rojak - order if you're curious! LOL Shrimp w.Lady Fingers - delicious! Beef Rendang - one of the best dishes tonight Mee Siam Noodles - great! Garlic Chicken - just ok - ordinary and slightly overcooked Nyonya House Special Squid - just ok; not memorable Chinese Watercress w.preserved bean curd sauce - good but ordinary Kang Kung Belecan - good, very flavorful Masak Lemak w.chicken - good but ordinary Rice (choice of white, coconut, chicken broth or brown) - most of us ordered the coconut and chicken broth rice.  The chicken broth rice was not as flavorful as we thought it would be.  Some in our group mentioned that they liked the coconut rice better.  The restaurant was crazy busy but service was efficient, although not overly friendly.  My biggest complaint about Nyonya is always the same:  it's just too dang noisy!  They should really invest in some noise absorbing material.  Of course, they probably don't care because they want you to eat and get out since there's always a line of people waiting for a table. hahaha  Oh well.  I'd still return to try other menu items.
4 This place can be a hit or miss as their food is not consistent but overall it's still yummy enough to dine at.   Overall this place can get packed especially on a Friday night so do expect to wait. They also won't seat your party until everyone arrives.  As for service, the waiters are attentive despite the crowd and they are fast.   Rice wise, I recommend the coconut on va the chicken rice as the flavor is week. As for dish, definitely go for their rendang beef. It's prepared very nicely and make sire to ask the waiter if the chef can prepare your dish with extra sauce. It goes very nicely with the rice.
4 Cool Malaysian spot to check out.  Tried the Homemade Roti Canai, Seafood Tomyam Soup, Jumbo Prawns in Special Sauce, and a few other dishes. Everything tasted amazing. Service was friendly too!
4 I always make a stop at Nyonya whenever I'm in NYC. I live in Vegas and we don't have any good Malay restaurants and Nyonya has been the only place that comes close to home. Too bad it's across the country from me haha.   First off, please get the roti canai! Its a stable in Malaysia. It's a flakey pastry that you dip into curry sauce and it's soooo good. I love, love, love their chicken curry sauce. It makes my tastebuds happy. The roti telur is a great appetizer to get as well. The only difference between the 2 rotis is that the roti telur has an egg and onions added (see pic)   You also can't go wrong with the Hainanese chicken. I love the flavor of the chicken and it's juicy as heck too. It comes with a spicy dipping sauce on the side. Be warned that this is a cold dish...my friends were surprised when they bit into cold chicken but they quite enjoyed it.   The house special pork was cooked perfectly. It's a pretty fatty dish so it pairs well with a bowl of rice. Sprinkle some of that sauce over it and you got yourself a gourmet meal!   The only dish I wasn't a fan of of the chow kueh teow. It lacked that charred, wok flavor that I miss from back home. I wasn't a fan of the noodles that were used too. This is a dish I won't get again.   Even though I wasn't a fan of the noodle dish, I will still forever come here whenever I'm in town. It's pretty much a tradition for me now. Also, all the servers speak English so there's no language barrier. The menu has a good amount of pictures too so even if English isn't your language, the pictures are super helpful!
3 Sadly, no email to contact the owner (not everything needs to be posted publicly).
5 I came back for another round and was blown away. Must be a new owner because this food is OFF THE HOOK and I don't remember this location at all. Maybe there was another Nonya in NYC that I went to that was the imposter..  Absolutely 1000000% Malaysian, delicious, well cooked, happily big portions and for the 4 of us eating, we each paid with tip included, $20 each and walked away stuffed.  Try the: Beef Rendang Pandan Fried Chicken - can't remember the exact name String beans cooked with shrimp Roti Canai  AH-MAZING. KILLER KILLER FOOD. I dream about their meals now.
3 A few weeks after coming back from Singapore, my family was craving some of the foods we had during the trip so we ended up here after going through some reviews on Yelp.   We started with the roti canai and chicken&beef satay which were good. The satay brought back memories of eating out late-nights at hawker stands. Next came out the bak kut teh. This BKT version has a pronounced medicinal herb taste which is not my preference and the pork pieces were not tender enough. I enjoyed the flavorful chow kueh teow noodles but the nasi lemak was forgettable. And finally...the Hainanese chicken with rice...it didn't come close to the one we had at Tian Tian and other hawkers in SGP. The chicken here was oddly a bit cold and some pieces had an off-putting rubbery texture. The rice wasn't rich in flavor and dry. I tried but failed to convince myself to like this chicken rice.  Their menu is expansive and has a variety of food items to represent South East Asian cuisine. It's unfortunate that my meal was mediocre.   The service was standard Chinatown. Oh and if you somehow missed it, this place is cash only.
3 We keep coming back even though at times we don't get the appetizer after we finished with the main dish. It happens when they are not busy! Overall, 4 stars for good food, but minus 1 star for meh and slow service.
5 Love!!!!!! True asian flavour!!!! Love love love them with all my heart. Their price, food, everything .. I just want their food right now. Cash only but it worth ! If you love asian food just go get their dishes. Authentic!!
4 I remember loving the food when I visited Kuala Lumpur. Nyonya reminded me why. In spite of being in Little Italy and our colleague ordering our food in Chinese, it was all authentic Malaysian from there!  Couple of caveats...still cash only, but the prices are so good you don't need near as much as I was expecting. Crowded, although we were seated very quickly at 7:30 pm on a Tuesday. Service is not speedy, but we weren't in a hurry so it didn't matter.  The menu is huge in terms of options. The roti canai with curry sauce was the perfect starter. Very light and tasty. We also had the coconut and chicken rice bowls as well as Malaysian spare ribs, one of the shrimp dishes (can't remember what they called it) and the Hainanese chicken. Everything was fresh and delicious!
4 Ok first off BRING CASH. This place does not take card. There's an ATM down the street if you don't have cash. The wait is kind of hectic. They won't sit you unless your whole party is there. Even if your party is in the restaurant but using the bathroom. The wait time was around 30 mins so not horrible. However it did take forever for us to get service to just get waters. It's an asian restaurant so service isn't really part of the package haha.   The food on the other hand was fantastic. I highly recommend getting the twice cooked fish fried rice. I love the little sardines and they sprinkle some on top. So freaking good. Loved the flavors in there. Their most popular dish is the hannin chicken. I've had this dish at other restaurants before and thought it was ok. I expected this to offer some twist but it was very standard. I would skip out on this if your familiar with this dish. Their most popular vegetable (I'm not sure what it is in English, but in Chinese it's Kong Xing Cai) was really good. Def added a twist to the tranditional Chinese way of making it.  Overall this place is really good. I'll be back here again when I'm in New York.
5 Best Hainan Chicken Rice 海南鸡饭 in new york city. Roti, Char Kway Teow, Seafood noodles all excellent is well. I live relatively far away, but delivery is always prompt.
5 This is now one of my favorite Asian restaurants in NYC. I don't know how I've missed this place every time I've walked by, but I'm glad a friend suggested it for lunch! There's a surprising amount of seating, so our party of 4 had no problem getting a table (plus it was next to the window). It was pretty busy though, so it was hard to get a server's attention.   We ordered Roti Canai, Hokkien Char Mee, Hainanese Chicken, Chinese Watercress with Preserved Bean Curd Sauce, and Sizzling Beef with Black Pepper. I didn't expect the Roti to be so thin--literally it was so flimsy and flakey, but dipping it in the sauce was so good. The Hainanese Chicken and Hokkien Char Mee were also delicious. The watercress and beef were tasty too, don't get me wrong, but just not as good as the others. Would definitely try more dishes next time (and dessert!).
3 tl;dr **Cash only** decent authentic Malaysian food ---- I was excited to come across an authentic Malaysian/Chinese restaurant, as I find it pretty rare. I gave it two chances and it just doesn't taste the same as other authentic Malaysian restaurants I have been to.   The one thing I am most disappointed by is the roti. It looked magnificent, coming out really fluffy and pretty, but it's actually not as good as it looks. It doesn't rip apart easily, and it's actually quite hard to chew. I've ordered this twice and both times were disappointed.   The only things I really recommend is the taro nest and seafood combination casserole. The taro nest is a pretty unique dish of fried taro with sauteed meat and veggies in the middle. Perfect with rice. The casserole is essentially the same thing.   The Hokkien char mee seemed to only taste like the dark soy sauce and nothing much. We could not bring ourselves to finish this dish.   The Hainan chicken was a big disappointment as well. None of us really wanted to finish the dish as well. The chicken was a tad bit too dry.
3 From a vegetarian perspective it's medium and 2.5 to 3. Not many tasty vegetarian options. Would it recommend for vegetarian options.
5 As a Singaporean, I can honestly say that I was impressed by the authenticity and quality of the food here at Nyonya! It is not easy to find Malaysian food here in the United States, so Nyonya is truly a gem.  I came here with a group of 3 and was immediately seated. But note, they will not seat you until your entire group has arrived. We were served water upon request.   For our table, we order Roti Canai, Chicken Satay, Prawn Mee, and Char Kueh Tiao. Each of this dishes were delicious! The Roti Canai was thin and crispy, served with a lightly spiced curry dip. The Chicken Satay was very tender, juicy, and held a lot of flavor.   The Prawn Mee was our table's favorite dish, with a deeply flavored prawn broth coupled with thick egg noodles. The toppings were also quite generous! Finally, the Char Kueh Tiao was spicy and flavorful! This dish truly resembles the Char Kueh Tiao served in the Hawker Centers of Singapore.  Whether or not you have tried Malaysian food, Nyonya is a MUST!
4 Overall - wide selection of Chinese/Malaysian food. Everything was fresh and cooked quickly. Expectation was a bit high looking at the yelp rating prior to our visit, but it was still delicious overall. We ordered the Hainanese chicken, roti telur, chow kueh teoh, and a fresh coconut drink to share and it came out to be around $30 dollars, which is great value for the quality/quantity of the food.  Pros - high value dishes for a relatively cheap price range. The sweet soy sauce sitting underneath the Hainanese chicken was perfect, and the curry dipping sauce for the roti was also full of flavor.  Cons - the roti and the sauce together were on the salty side. The Hainanese chicken was good, but it was served a little bit too cold for our taste buds. Served at room temperature or slightly warmer would've been better in terms of texture. Lastly, while the Chow Kueh Teoh has that delicious fried taste from the wok, the noodle was very bland overall and greasy. It needed more sauce for he noodles to soak up.
4 I met someone at a yelp elite event who was from Singapore and she recommended this place as the most authentic place to get that type of food/Malaysian food in manhattan. She told me that every time her mom comes to town, she takes her to nyonya.   I have never had Malaysian food before, so I decided to go check it out one day. First of all, this place is cash only, so make sure to stop by the atm before coming here! I was also surprised by how large the restaurant was. For a place that is cash only and so cheap, I was surprised by the large, clean space.   The food was all under $15, which is so rare for manhattan. I ordered the curry mee noodle soup with tofu (~$8).This soup came with fish cake stuffed veggies, which were okay. I loved the broth though! It was thick and curry flavored. The noodles also were thick and springy and plentiful. I was so full after finishing this dish! We also ordered the roti with curry sauce ($3.95). Honestly the sauce that came with the roti tasted pretty similar to the curry soup that I ordered. Really good though, but next time I'd try the thicker roti as this one kinda crumbled as I tried to break it apart.   One thing that was kind of off about this place was the way they brought dishes out. My friend got her entree a solid 10 min before the roti came out and I didn't get my food until about 7 Min after the appetizer. So weird and could create an awkward situation.
4 Authentic good Malaysian food is hard to find in Manhattan but Nyona fills this spot!! Located in Little Italy/Chinatown. Cheap prices but not like a hole-in-a-wall like many Chinatown places. Cash only!!   Roti with egg and onion: I would recommend the regular roti. It was nice to see they had this option but the roti was too soggy for me.   Hainanese Chicken: Get this with the chicken rice! Not dry, great flavor and not super salty either.   Prawn Mee: So different that what I've had in the past. I'm used to the curry broth with shrimp but the broth was actually shrimp flavored! Delicious.   Bean curd casserole: One of my favorite dishes in general and Nyona did not disappoint. Smooth tofu, flavorful and just delicious.   Great food, great prices. Would definitely come back!!
3 I've been here in/off for years, most recently with a group. Good service; good/OK food. I'm not in love with this place as everyone else-- I just don't see the hype. It's fine really- I'd just much prefer to return somewhere in crazy about! :)
5 Best Malaysian spot of all times and never had a bad experience. The food is always delicious and flavor is always on point.
5 OMFG. IT'S CHEAP. HUGE PORTIONS AND DELICIOUS. I loved it here. Yes it's cash only, but small setback. Food is so tasty. I'm going to bring everyone and their grandmas here.
3 5 stars for food and 1 star for service, average 3+. We went in on a Saturday around  7 PM, and only had to wait 20 minutes to be seated but it took them about 25 minutes before anyone came to us to take our orders. Then the food came in pieces and our appetizer was the last thing that was delivered to the table.  Food is out of this world and portions are pretty large!
3 Were it not for the poor service, I would give this place a 5.  The food is great; try the beef pepper skillet. However, the staff is less than motivated to provide anything resembling quality service. It took over 15 minutes to get someone to come to the table.  Appetizer came after one of the entrees but not all entrees delivered at the same time.
5 My favorite place for Malaysian food in the city! I've been here a few times and the food is always delicious.   Def try the roti canai as an appetizer.. so fluffy and the dipping sauce is so yummy. I also LOVE the chow kueh teow, prawn mee, and hainanese chicken.   Honestly, I feel like you can't go wrong with anything on the menu and it's all quite affordable (most dishes are less than $10). Also remember to get a side of the coconut rice.. it's AMAZING.
5 I had eaten at the restaurant before but today was my first time ordering delivery. Even delivered, the food was great. Everything at Nyonya is delicious.
5 Can I just say that everything here is valid? Nyonya is what comes to mind whenever someone says malaysian for lunch/dinner. Appetizers, entrees, drinks, desserts, I have never had a problem with anything I order here.   I always start myself off with the roti canai ($3.95), the thin, crispy, flaky pancake that comes with a side of curry. Now that they changed the menu, they also have the buttery thicker version.   For entrees, I almost always get the curry beef (~$8). For the price, it's amazing and totally worth it. The beef is tender and juicy, the red curry is so flavorful and just the right amount of spice. When I'm feeling something lighter, I get the Haianese chicken (~$8) over CHICKEN rice ($2). The chicken rice is really important here, it makes the entire meal so delicious. The chicken rice is so flavorful in and of itself. It makes all the difference. For noodles, their ever popular Char Kway Teow is always a good choice. Thin rice noodles with sautéed seafood and veggies.   Service is decent, they refill your water. But keep in mind that they are super busy because the place is always packed.
4 Nyonya could well be the most chaotic restaurant I have been to in New York. And that is saying a lot. We came in around 6ish on a Saturday night, and the place was busy. They wouldn't seat us until our entire party had arrived, so we left and came back about a half an hour later, and it was even busier. The staff were literally pushing past us with heavy plates because the restaurant was so cramped for the size.  However, we got seated within 10 minutes, and all the service from there on out was very friendly and pleasant. We ordered a number of dishes, including two kinds of roti, garlic chicken, hainan chicken, and string beans. Everything was very tasty, but the string beans (despite looking simple), and the two different kinds of roti, were clear standouts.  The place is cash only, and everything was very affordable.  Highly recommend for authentic Malaysian. The menu is also quite extensive, so you'll be spoilt for choice.
5 I ordered hainanese chicken with chicken rice delivery for lunch and it was delicious!!! I love how delivery food can still taste amazing in New York. San Francisco has so much room for improvement   And! My food arrived within 30 minutes. I ordered it on yelp and I believe it automatically integrated with grub hub. A 5 star rating for both the food and the delivery!
3 *CREDIT CARDS NOT ACCEPTED*   I used to love coming here when I lived in NYC. Now after being gone for 7 years I came back and was just disappointed. Could be from trying better Malaysian or it just didn't meet my expectations.   The Roti Canai $4 is always good. I would order one per 3 people.   MAIN DISHES. We got a wide array of them:   My favorite: Nyonya Curry Fish Head $19.95. Tasty and plenty to share. I like how I got a nice piece of fish with my bowl.   Hainanese Chicken. As I have embarked in the search for the best HC dish, I do not think here is a must get. It used to be great but this time the chicken breast was kinda mushy and not quite their focus dish.  Curry Mixed Vegetables in Clay Pot $14. This was good but too salty. Nice and warming to the belly. It is a great alternative for those avoiding animal protein.   Fried Buns $3.50 -- Cha man tau. Well, cute but too much dough for me when you're eating heavy stuff so I would keep this for the ultimate sweet tooth people.  Kang Kung Belacan $11.95 -- Too saucy, too salty, too oily. Which is normal for them but I when all the dishes are too saucy and salty, I wished my vegetable was more chill. Less dressed and more balancing.  Service was fast and good. The place was full for a Monday night.
4 This place surprised me. It has a relaxing dining environment. The food tastes okay, but is really cheap and in large portion. If they could make the curry more rich or milky, I will not hesitate to give them a five star review.
4 A nice taste of Malaysia in New York, definitely worth a visit. cash only!  Hainanese chicken: delicious chicken, perfectly cooked and succulent. The sauce is heavy on the ginger if you get the solids. Really fairly priced as well. The chicken rice is forgettable, I'd pass on it next time  Prawn mee: serious depth of shrimp head flavor in this broth, I was a big fan. The noodles were a little on the doughy, undercooked side. Bean sprouts and greens were a nice addition but the broth is the real star of the show. Recommended if you want soup. It's got a real authentic Malaysian flavor, that hit of shrimpy fishiness.  Roti canai: great curry, meh roti. It looks impressive standing up but it's too flaky and crispy. Roti should be a bit thicker and breadier to stand up to the curry, closer to a scallion pancake. The curry is delicious enough to pour over everything   Deep fried pork intestine: tasty, nicely fried, well cleaned so virtually no barnyardy smells  Hot tea (teh Tarik): delicious but too sweet. Order it without sugar and add it yourself. Very authentic taste, distinctly different from Thai ice tea, I highly recommend it. Also gives a serious hit of caffeine
4 I had my first try at Malaysian cuisine here at Nyonya, and boy am I so glad to have tried it here.  I like  Malaysian Buddhist lunch special which comes   with mixed vegetable with bean curd skin and Chinese mushroom in Chef's special sauce.They have some of the best Asian dishes in the city, and their service was very nice. I would definitely be coming back.
4 A happening place with authentic Malaysian food!   After waiting for a good 20 minutes we were seated. I should not have ordered the house special crab because I think their specialty is with the fish head stew... but it was still yummy.   Wait staff was prompt and friendly despite being a packed house throughout the night! Will be back many more times!
4 Been coming here with my mom since I was a little girl, and I love this place. Came here with my friends last night. We ordered the roti canai, Hainanese chicken, curry noodle soup, and vegetables with shrimp paste. The vegetables were a little too oily, and the roti canai was a little cold (I think they make a bunch in advance rather than to order), but everything else was great. They wouldn't seat us until we were all here, even though there were plenty of empty tables, which is a little unnecessary. Cash only.
5 This is one of my favorite restaurants in New York. This cuisine is really tasty and the price is very reasonable. This restaurant is in little Italy right next to Ferrara. I usually have a nice lunch here and a good canoli and gelato in Ferrara. I never had to wait to be seated.   Everytime I go here I always have beef rendang. This is the world's tastiest food. And for a good reason. The dish is packed with flavor. Roti telur is also awesome. It is roti stuffed with egg and onions served with a curry in the side. Roti canai and roti pratha were also excellent. Spicy squid tentacle appetizer was also very good. Penang asam leska had very strong fish flavor. I wouldn't recommend it. Nasi lamak was really good. A full entree with everything you need. The flavor was good. I didn't like the anchovy pickle which came with it. Hainanese chicken is one thing which I cannot make myself comfortable with. It is cold chicken with not much of flavor. Most of the food noodles dishes is good. Sarang burong is one thing which I ordered because it looked beautiful in picture. Big mistake. It was not good. Finally I had to add beef rendang to add some flavor and make it palatable. For side order I like coconut rice and chicken broth rice. One hot summer I tried watermelon juice. It was good.   Love Mamak is a restaurant with similar food. That restaurant is much smaller. Food is slightly more expensive and slightly tastier.
5 If you love Malaysian food then Nyonya should be your first choice. They do Malay dishes amazingly well. I know Nasi Lemak is a simple dish but wow did they do it well. Yummy Chinese style chicken rice, tasty roti telur and such good curry. The string bean with prawn sambal was also very good. Nyonya is my favorite Malaysian restaurant in the States.  So far....
5 Best Malaysian place in Nyc hands down! I literally don't need to write more about it, if u want authenticity , come here.
5 Came here with a friend after a pretty heavy food tour around the city because of all the noise I saw on yelp on their roti canai. Roti canai was good, but very very flaky. It made it a little difficult to eat at times, but the flavor and presentation was great! Wanted to try the intestine with scallion appetizer as well to try something new. It had that light gamey flavor as you'd expect from organ meat and just the right amount of chew. Fried pork and hoisin sauce is a timeless combination, so if you're in the mood to try something new or enjoy organ meat, I definitely recommend. Had a great meal off just two appetizers and the price was great! Will definitely come back here with empty stomachs to try the other delicious looking food on the menu!
4 This is very authentic Malaysian food. My father is Malaysian and so I've grown up with some Malaysian food in my life. We ordered the Asam laksa, roti cannai and fried buns. We were warned when ordering the asam laksa that it was very fishy and sour. I've had it before and I'm used to the flavors. The taste was on point. There was the right amount of fishiness, saltiness and sourness. It made my tastebuds water and it almost tastedlike how my mother used to make it. The roti was a little crispier than expected. It would crumple very easy and it was very hard to dip in the curry. The fried buns were good. The service was a bit slow. It took a while for us to get our waters and for the water to be refilled.
3 I've been coming to this spot for years for their roti cannai. Whenever I'm in the nabe I order two of them to go and haven't for dinner. It's that's good.   Wait: not too bad. The entryway is usually packed with people waiting but the line moves fast. When you get in make sure to get a number and don't just wait around for someone to notice you. The service is pretty good. Staff is polite, efficient and calm. It could be cleaner but I tell myself it's Chinatown so oh well. It is CASH ONLY so stop by an ATM before going in.   This last foray I got my roti cannai (of course) and it was yum. The roti itself is paper thin and crisply flaky. The curry sauce that accompanies it is at first mild but after a second one noted the spicy was of it. I love it because it's flavourful and it just mindlessly spicy. Mmmm.   I regretted getting an entree as I love getting multiple roti cannai as my meal. But I opted to branch out and got the chicken curry noodles and the chicken was surprisingly moist and soft! Yum. The noodles were not my favourite and I felt the curry sauce could have been more nuanced. My friend got the prawn mew and loved it. I didn't try it as I ordered another roti cannai haha. We got a chicken dish w some sort of ginger sauce for a friend and she reported back that she liked it very much.   They let us sit and talk for a bit after eating so we didn't feel rushed to leave. The tip was added to the bill. I'd recommend it for the roti cannai by the food is so so good. At least it's not greasy. I liked my noodles well enough but when I go back I'll just have multiple roti cannai thankyouverymuch.
5 Best Singaporean food in NYC. Try the bak kuh teh, hainanese chicken and stingray in malaysian hot sauce.
4 life can't get any better than this. roti cannai tasting like its straight from the motherland, outstanding. So damn outstanding. So yeah, order that. here's a spot that i take out of towners, new friends, solo lunches...and dinners, brunch, you name it.   Service: stellar. They're cool, calm, candid, and quick.  Food: I don't need to explain myself here. Try it all. Personal Recs: besides the roti...eggplants, lakhsa, satay, chow kueh teo, hainan chicken, spare ribs, fish head stew, and coconut rice. Get some sliced cucumbers as a side for pallet cleansing.  Cleanliness: -1 star womp.  Experience: worth it all.
5 I am surprised to see so many items on the menu! The price is reasonable. The food is acetic an absolute delicious. Price is pretty reasonable. And waiting time is short for busy Saturday night. I will definitely come back again. So many things on the menu need to be tried!
1 I know it's shocking to see someone give a one star but read on if you really care about how your food tastes and you want to have a say on your food without people shitting about you. I don't normally leave reviews and I would only leave a rating when I really feel like I'm wasting money on the food. I usually go to Sanuria (Rating isn't great but their food is good and no, I'm not sponsored by them) for their Hainanese chicken and Fujian fried noodle, but today, my friend wanted the seafood crispy noodle so we came here instead. We ordered the seafood crispy noodle, pork and taro over rice, roti canai, and young tofu.   The seafood crispy noodle was pretty decent. If you've had seafood instant noodle before, it's exactly what the sauce tastes like (you need to admit instant noodle tastes pretty good). The roti canai came next and it was decent, but not spectacular or anything. My friend and I both enjoyed the curry dipping sauce. The only problem with it was the bottom half was very doughy and soggy (oily dough). For a dish advertised as being crispy, this was pretty disappointing. Even more so, having the roti canai come out right after But having it come out the same time as the seafood crispy noodle was a huge no-no for me as both dishes were meant to be enjoyed while they're crispy. We got the young tofu, which was basically eggplant, bitter melon, pepper and tofu stuffed with fish and fried and served in curry soup. The curry soup was very thin and diluted and tasted like curry flavoured water. The fried tofu skin on top was alright but because the soup was flavorless, the taste wasn't that great. The pepper wasn't cleaned properly and had a lot of seeds. The stuffing fell out of the pepper and the eggplant fell apart in the soup as well. The tofu stuffed with fish was cold on the inside. The worst dish was my pork and taro with rice. The pork tasted decent but the taro was barely edible. It was so unpleasantly sour that I had to pick it out of my dish.   There were a lot of small things that went wrong with the dishes and having them alone wasn't too bad, but having everything together made it a very horrible meal experience especially thinking about the price I had to pay for the meal. I wasn't going to make a big deal out of it and complain but the sour taro and the uncleaned pepper got me really upset. I asked a waiter about the taro and the pepper. He was unapologetic and argued the pepper was supposed to have the seeds inside (never had one with seeds left inside in my experience) and that he would ask about the taro. He promptly took those dishes away and never came back to give us a response. Instead, all I saw was a group of employees by the counter shittalking about how I'm just another one of those customers that complain about nothing especially sunce I've already finished my food. Yes, I finished the edible parts of the food but it's because initially I didn't want to make a big deal out of it. But their attitude about this situation was just not ok. I personally will not come back and do not recommend others to come here until the employees learn to tend to the needs of the customer.  P.S. Tip/Gratuity is optional and dependent on a customer's satisfaction with your service. Automatically adding it onto the bill is bad business practice and if you continue to do it, you better make sure your customers are well satisfied before trying to swindle their money.
5 cash only, inexpensive, yum. you're safe getting any of the items that are highlighted on the menu with big pictures.
4 Malaysian staple in NYC. Been coming here for years and the food is always great. I get the Indian Mee Koreng Noodles and Clay Pot Mutton. Very flavorful and filling. Great place for groups even though they definitely get crowded quickly for dinner no matter what day of the week it is.
4 Reasonably-priced Asian fusion food in Chinatown. Really good tea and yellow rice.   The aesthetic of the restaurant is pretty nice. There's a large mix of business people as well as casual people like students.   Feel free to explore unique dishes mixing foods from different Asian cultures or dishes with a unique twist on them like tofu casserole, vegetarian duck, or an oyster omelette! You won't be disappointed.   Waiters are quick to refill tea which is so nice!
5 This restaurant makes my tummy happy. This was my second time here and the experience did not disappoint. First time I went on Friday evening with friends and there was a long wait for individual tables, however, we were seated immediately because we were ok with communal seating. The food was superb and well balanced. I highly suggest Nyonya Lobak for appetizer. Some of the entrees that I tried were Curry Mee with Shredded Chicken, Nasi Lemak, Lady Fingers Malaysian Style and all of them were delicious. I also tried Sooi Pooi Drink (sour plum). The waiter warned me that it was sour but did not discourage me to order it. It was definitely acquired taste but I enjoyed it. The service was great and ambiance great! The prices very reasonable. Highly recommended!
5 I've been here a couple of times. It can get pretty busy at times. The first time I went it had gotten so full that they had people sharing a round table together (one party of two. And another party of three).   The service is okay. I've always gone with a Chinese friend so she always communicates with the waitresses. They do speak English though. They aren't too friendly, more cut to the chase type but that's okay with me.   I've had the roti canai. Which I LOVE. The roti is super thin and crispy. The curry sauce is SO amazing too. I had a seafood noodle dish the 1st time. The 2nd time I had beef chow fun. The noodles were a little bland on there own. But when I ate the beef with it, it was very flavorful. The left some scallion pieces big which can be bitter.   Overall I like the food here. I will be back and for sure will get take out.
5 Super Asian food in New York. Looking for nice dinner out with authentic and fancy food, go there
2 Never thought a service could be this bad. The food, which was mediocre at best, could not do anything to help the poor service. Didn't have to wait too long to get seated on a Sunday evening, but they don't let you sit down unless the whole party is present. We ordered one seafood noodle dish and one poultry dish. I forgot the name of both, but they both had "Nyonya" as part of the name. I asked for the ice water four times to three different staff members, and I was able to get it on my fourth request (almost took thirty minutes to get it). Also, we decided to add roti canai because the sauce on the poultry was very salty. The lady who took the order completely forgot about it. We never got it., and I didn't bother addressing it again. I always have doubt about restaurants that specializes in more than one type of cuisine. As expected, the food was mediocre. Price is affordable yet, once again, the service is very very poor.
4 Came in for an early lunch on a weekend and there wasn't much of a wait. Got seated promptly with menus and hot tea.  The service could have been better especially during a time when they didn't really have many customers. When I was ready to order, I had to ask three different servers to take my order, waiting 20 minutes. One of the servers completely ignored me even though she was staring at me waving at her.  The food was good. The Homemade Roti Canai is a must have. It's always so good! We ordered the Hainanese Chicken with coconut rice. The chicken was soft and tender and came with a nice sauce. The coconut rice was fragrant and light.   We also had the Singapore Rice Noodles which was okay. It was slightly on the saltier and greasier side. Also when eating the noodles I bit into something hard like sand (?), I'm assuming from the shellfish or something that was in this dish.  Aside from the ehh service and noodle-sand  incident, the food was good.
3 I tried this place when I was visiting New York for a day. The food was pretty good I liked it. The reason why I took out two stars in the ratings is because the waiters or waitresses ' stench. I don't know which waiter or waitress it was but when they brought the food, their body odor just blew right into my face and I almost died of hallucination. It was bad. I definitely recommend the food but I don't know what to say about the sweaty waiters or waitresses. Overall the food was good once I got over the B.O.
4 We eat here regularly and are always well-taken care of and ridiculously well-fed. Standouts for us include the roti (any of them are great), kari ayam (chicken curry) and the belacan kang kung (stir fried greens with chili, garlic and shrimp paste). Some of the best Malaysian food you can get in Manhattan!
5 Upon visiting NYC, I know its quite the epicenter for amazing food and I was on a quest to find good Malaysian. Upon finding what places are feasible or not, I automatically ruled out all places with "fusion" in the description, but i ended up looking at this yelp page anyway and I gave it a shot.  First off, I dont think anything about the Malaysian/Singaporean food served here is fusion at all. Its really authentic and it really hit the feels of home when growing up in Singapore. The restaurant itself is quite large, and it had a welcoming feel. The service was great and the restaurant owner/manager really gave us an excellent experience.  The food was heavenly, SUPER well done at a very surprising cost. Considering food in NYC is typically pretty expensive, I was stunned to see how cheap and how generous the servings were. I recommend the Hor Fun, hainese chicken rice, and the roti.  6/5 stars if i can, hands down one of the better meals i've had during my trip to NYC and I highly recommend checking this spot out!
5 One of my favorite Singaporean/Malaysian food restaurants. The restaurant does not take reservations and only accepts cash. The food is authentic, with rich flavors. Highly recommend the roti canai, and to sample as many of the appetizers as you can if you have a bigger party.
4 Cash only! Nice food! 海南雞 is my favorite! I like the environment! It is not too expensive! Don't forget to pay cash!
1 In short: The food was terrible. I don't know if it's better when you're dining in, but the takeout I got was awful.  In detail: My partner and I were celebrating our anniversary last night, and ordered takeout from Nyonya as it was near our hotel, had good reviews, and was open late. We ordered sesame chicken, chicken satay, watermelon juice, coconut rice, Thai iced tea, and coconut pudding. Every single thing we ordered was inedible. I don't know if it's better when you're in the restaurant, but what we received was absolutely awful. Everything from taste to texture was unacceptable. Not only would we never return or recommend this place to our friends and coworkers living in the area, but we made a point to tell the front desk at NOMO Soho to tell their guests to steer clear of Nyonya. I hate to leave bad reviews, but for $70+, what we were served is insulting.
5 Always on top of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. Super affordable and tasty food even when I'm a vegetarian now. I got Satay Tofu and it was so fulfiling and flavorful. I love the peanut sauce. The curry paste of the spareribs curry and chili sauce from Haiananese chicken were also excellent. I drizzled the sauce from those 2 dishes on my tofu hehe. And the nice part was that I only paid $7.5 for my dish.
4 I've been meaning to visit this place for sometime. Everything was delicious.   Friendly staff and they're very quick too. I had the roti prata for appetizer. It's a nice rich curry sauce with a pancake.   I also had the curry mee laksa. Pretty good as well. Mine had fried tofu and crispy wontons. Also some stuffed bitter melon and eggplant. Soo good.  I wish I'd saved room to try other items like the last nemak and rendang.   One bad thing about this place is that they only take cash, which is common among the smaller restaurants and shops, so be sure to bring cash.
4 Came early on a Friday night with some friends and got a table right away. They would not seat your party unless everyone is present! Make sure you tell the latecomers to arrive half an hour earlier than planned! Once we have settled down, there was a huge crowd inside and out waiting for a table.   Unlike the Nyonya in Brooklyn, the staff is extremely friendly and polite here! My friends and I decided to order a few entrees and have a family style dinner. We had the roti canai, hainanese chicken, kang kung belacan and the salted fish with eggplant casserole. The chicken was very fresh and cooked to perfection. The rest of the food wasn't bad and tasted fine to us. Would definitely come back to this location whenever I'm in the area.   The only complaint I have is that this restaurant is extremely small! They try to fit as many tables as possible and it is very cramped. You're pretty much having dinner with everyone around you because you can hear their conversations and vice versa.
4 This place is on my bookmarks list since long, finally I specially came here with my husband last weekend. It was over crowded, although we found a table right in the middle between the other two tables. It was awkward sitting in between but it dint bother when the food arrived. We ordered couple of things starting with Chicken Satay skewers, Fried Chicken dumplings, Roti Canai, Roti Telur. we were satisfied and worth waiting for it.  Chicken Satay - 1/5 They looked amazing but no flavor. Tasted bland even the peanut sauce.   Chicken Dumplings - 4/5 They were flavorful and delcious. They were 6 pieces in one plate. The chilli sauce was amazing too.  Roti Canai - 5/5 The bestest dish of the day, roti was very cripsy, thin and tasty. The curry sauce was delicious as well.   Roti Telur - 3/5 Felt like it is an omellete with onions. It was served with the same sauce as with Roti Canai. I dint feel anything special about this dish.  Ambience is not very great, setaing arrangemnt is very cumbersome. The waiting line is huge for group of 3 or more.
2 This place is very disorganized. You are served by different people. I didn't know who to flag down. They gave me someone else's dish. However, I got someone to take it. He looked back at the ordering system and plopped it on someone else's table. It's gross to think my food could have been on someone else's table, as well. I disagree with the review that said the roti canai is overrated. It was really good. There was very little meat in the nasi lemak. They don't do a good job portioning out the meat. The hainan chicken has way more meat. However, I didn't like it. It was drenched in soy sauce. It was so salty. I would recommend getting the sauce on the side. I preferred the nasi lemak but probably will not return since it is not filling.
2 Number of visits: 5+  Nyonya is just not the same anymore. There's always a large wait with the crowd here no matter what time of the day. Last time I came by was in the afternoon so the wait wasn't too bad at all.   The curry dishes are a little watered down, not enough flavor for my sake. Chicken skewers were super dry which was very unfortunately. Beef chow fun noodles were so oily that I could taste it drenching my throat, super sad about that.   Tables are able to accommodate small groups as well as large groups as well. Occasionally, they will make smaller groups wait and won't fill a large table with the anticipation that it gets filled regardless.   Service is the same as I always remembered it so there is no surprise here, rude. I came for the food with high expectations, but not everything is the same as I remembered. Probably would be my last time visiting.   Cash only!
5 Really great food, great experience. They have a massive menu- Our waitress was wonderful in helping us pick out food, navigating my husband's gluten allergy and also my dislike of anything too fishy. Food was delicious - the spicy squid tentacle was absolutely unique and awesome - Never had a dish like that and LOVED it! Large servings, reasonable prices, wait time wasn't too terrible on a Friday night.
5 This place gets five stars due to one dish: the hainanese chicken. The chicken is so flavorful and tender, the sauce it comes in is perfectly salty and acidic. The spicy dipping sauce it comes with is slightly spicy with ginger and garlic notes. The rice is a nice change of pace from your average white rice.   One dish I couldn't understand got rave reviews was the roti. The roti was crispy but so paperthin it shattered all over. The curry dipping sauce was kind of bland even for a curry. The entire dish was lukewarm almost bordering on cool.   The noodle dish (can't remember the name but it was the first option on the menu in the noodle section) was a total letdown. We asked the server if we should get noodles, curried squid, or sautéed eggplant. He said to get the noodles cause it was the most Malaysian dish. It tasted like straight Chinese ho fun noodle take out but a bit spicer.   Service was typical, quick and aggressive chinatown style service.  Come for amazing chicken and rice. Be wary of the other dishes. I'd come back for that rice, and maybe try a noodle dish with fatter noodles or a seafood soup. Thai tea looked delicious as well. Cheers!
5 The food was really good, and the price was the best for this quality I've seen in nyc. I will definitely be back very soon.
3 The food is good  but the place is packed have to wait 30 min to get a table , will come back
3 Good-tasting food - BUT - loaded with MSG.  I ate here a few times (I live around the corner), and after every dinner kept waking up at night with a parched mouth, very thirsty.
2 The food is very authentic.  Price is reasonable.  However, the service is probably one of the worst.  We went in for a late lunch on a Sat, had to get someone's attention to get seated which took 10-15 mins when they weren't even that busy.  After they cleaned up the table we wanted, they forgot about seating us until we caught their attention.  Funny thing is they acknowledge that they forgot about us when we were the only party waiting by the door.  After we got sat, it took a long while for the staff to take the order, a long time to bring out the food.  We eventually got the server's attention to bring the check, which he told us to wait.  He came to us 10 mins later to clean up our dirty plates and never came back until we had to get another server's attention after another 20 mins.  Not understanding why it's so hard to get anyone's attention when they weren't even that busy.
4 Really surprised by this place.  Highly recommend this place. I was worried that the place screamed tourist trap- heck no.  The menu is amazing.  All real. All authentic.  No BS.  Restaurants need to learn from spots like this.  You don't have to exaggerate prices in a hot spot like little Italy.  Definitely will be back here.  Definitely recommend.  You're in for a treat.  Go go go.
5 Amazing food at convinient price. The platters are much bigger that show in the menu.
5 Get here early! I came here with a friend for dinner around 5:30, just before the dinner rush. There was no wait; however, by the time we got our food, there was almost an hour wait.   FOOD: Ordered the fried egg noodles, and it was AMAZING! Best fried egg noodles I've ever had. They were so perfectly crispy, and the shrimp, squid, and scallop sauce complemented it well.   DRINKS: Wide variety of drinks. I was so excited to see a Rambutan drink on the menu, and it did not disappoint! Very sweet and refreshing.   AMBIANCE: Low-lighting, very casual. It was a nice place to catch up with a friend.   Highly recommend!!
2 Food was good but took nearly 30 for a lunch special and the restaurant wasn't even busy
5 Very authentic Malaysia food cooked by people who know their stuff. The hainanese chicken rice was delicious, and the chat kuey teow nicely balanced.
5 Been coming here for years and always love love love it! My only gripe is that at rush hours, it can be a long long wait cos it's that good.  I love all the traditional Nyonya stuff. Fish head curry, fu pok, popiah, kangkung belacan, and I love topping it all off with the pulut hitam. Yum!  As everyone says, just remember that it's cash only. And bring an empty hungry tummy!
1 It honestly pains me to give this place a 1 star due to the amount of other positive experiences my fellow Yelpers had given.   The friend and I ordered beef chow fun and two appetizers (fried chicken dumplings and #12 poh pati). My friend really likes the beef chow fun but I thought it was pretty basic. The appetizers were both okay, nothing particularly wow'ed me.   Now the next part was the customer service. I was SHOOK at how rude it was. I didn't know it was cash only when we got there so all I had was $25. Our total came out to about $22.50 with taxes. My friend didn't have cash so all we could leave for tip was the remaining $2.50.   The waiter stopped by as we were getting up. He asked why we didn't tip 15%. I immediately apologized and said I didn't have extra cash. He got HELLA upset and starts to trash talk in front of us saying how "you people are the problem and you people never appreciate anything." He proceeded to shove the remaining $2.50 and thrusted it back into my hands and mumbled how he'd rather not have anything if he can't have the full 15%+. My friend and I were SHOCKED and LIVID that this was happening. Yes, it sucks that we couldn't honor 15% tip but we apologized profusely and acknowledged it. Did he expect one of us to leave and get extra cash and come back? Also 15% of $22.50 is roughly $3.40...  I just can't... With mediocre food and rude service like this? No thanks. You won't find me here again.
5 It's hard to find something taste authentic, but I'm surprised that this malaysian place is so good and taste just like what I had in Malaysia. The bah kuk teh is very good, missing some pork intestines, which probably it is because they are serving in America, not what they eat typically. But the flavor is still very good. Hainan chicken is a very big portion.  Service is a bit slow since they are usually really busy. Downside for eating in Chinatown is that they are cash only.
5 This is my 3rd time in this place and I must say that this is My favorite Malaysian restaurant. You can try anything on the menu and everything taste really good! My all time favorite is roti canai, their salted fish fried rice is also good. Crispy garlic chicken is a must try and their spicy squid! I will definitely recommend this place!
3 Tried spicy squid tentacles, it had a burnt taste with some sweetness. Not at all as expected. Chicken Satay is too sweet. Chow Kueh Teow taste was good but not spicy as mentioned. They have a very big menu, maybe have to choose different dishes next time I visut.
2 I feel like I'm taking crazy pills when reading the reviews of this restaurant. I can't possibly be the only ones who found the food crazy underspiced and bland, can I? None of the dishes had the proper complexity or infusion of flavors for me... not even my beloved seafood noodles, which tasted flat and dull. (And the hainese chicken dish wasn't much to speak of either). I would definitely not come back to this place!
5 No credit card and no reservations but well worth the wait. Delicious Malaysian food... get the nasi lemak. The roti canai was a little too dry but the virtues are great
4 This place was sooo good! My husband wanted to be dropped off in Chinatown and find a place to eat. This is technically in Little Italy, but is a hidden gem. We (my husband and 3 small daughters) were seated right away. The food came out quickly and was very very good. My kids loved their food. I am a wine drinker. I recommend going ahead and ordering a bottle because the individual glasses are pretty small. I couldn't get over how reasonable our check was (2 glasses of wine, 2 beers, a coke, 2 shakes, and 4 entrees for 89.00). The portions are huge! I loved my chicken curry soup. This place is cash only, which was not a problem because we knew about it beforehand and stopped at an atm on the way.
5 Came all the way from Queens to get my fix of roti. I'm usually in Flushing, Queens where I would go to Sentosa but unfortunately they closed down and it hasn't been the same ever since. Although PappaRich is in flushing I'm basic and am a loyal customer when it comes to my roti. It was well worth the drive to the city. My boyfriend and I ordered two orders of roti, 1/4 of hainan chicken and an order of noodles (I forgot the name of it but it's similar to pad Thai) and last but not least one Thai iced tea. It was a Friday night and it was quite busy in the restaurant but nonetheless we were sat immediately. Any time I was my roti fix I'd definitely drive all the way here!
5 Food is really amazing here, and has a great freshly-made quality. The beef rendang is not to be missed, and the ABC dessert was awesome with rose flavored shaved ice.
5 If you like Southeast Asian food this is definitely the place to go. One of my favorite dishes in the whole wide world is the Java mee at this restaurant! Get ready to take your mouth on a tour around Asia at this restaurant! Service could be a bit more friendly... But at an Asian establishment what do you expect! Overall this is a No-Frills experience for some authentic delicious Malaysian food!
5 I love this place. They definitely have authentican Malay food. Love the Asam laaksa and the hainanese chicken rice. The prices are amazing for nyc
5 The food is great and price is reasonable. Cash only! The seafood is great. Curry beef pot is also amazing!
5 Really enjoyed everything here!! There were so many flavors we have never tried before and it was all very reasonably priced. Service was excellent, the pictures in the menu were helpful and the waiters gave good advice as far as what to order. We will be coming back for sure.
3 I'm a visiting Malaysian and found the atmosphere very pleasant and friendly. For that i give it 4 stars. Beware this is a CASH ONLY establishment. But ATMs are in abundance nearby.   I only had the Prawn Mee for lunch and did not find it very tasty. I give that 3 stars. But my neighboring table told me she is a regular and enjoys the the curry mee very much. I look forward to being back next time I'm in town!
5 On my adventure to try the different versions of Asam Laksa that NYC has to offer, I found Nyonya, technically located in Little Italy. Their Penang Asam Laksa was a generous portion at $8.95. The soup base was a heavenly balance of sweet, sour, spicy and fishy. The level of sweetness was not overpowering, the way it is in some other places. The service was attentive and friendly, happy to recommend other dishes for my next visit. Definitely a place for repeat visits!
4 Was craving Malay today so we came for late lunch! Came in just in time that we didn't have to wait for a table which was great because the wait here can be long sometimes!  I already knew what I wanted upon arrival so placing our order was a no brainer. Roti to start (always), Haianese chicken with yellow rice and scrambled egg seafood noodles! Our go to!  Roti came out first and it was good! Just how I remembered having it in the past! Curry chicken sauce was spicy enough! Though I think they use to give more sauce that can be eaten with rice or whatever. Anyway not complaining. Our noodles and rice came out shortly after so we didn't have to wait long for our food to be served! Normally I'd eat my own rice and my boyfriend would have his noodles but today i felt like having the noodles so we ended up sharing both dishes! The noodles were super good. I have to admit I never thought it was that special or good or maybe I was especially hungry that I thought was better than I remembered. The noodles came with a good amount of shrimp, squid, veg, scallops and egg scramble sauce on top! The portion for the noodle was huge that by the time we finished, I was 85% full with a hainanese chicken with rice left to be devoured.  Onto the haianese chicken with rice- the rice was warm and chicken I think is served at room temp or on a cooler side. I love eating the rice with the soy sauce that comes with the chicken! Always tastes so good! I probably can have just the rice with soy sauce on its own and be okay with it! I asked for dark meat which means chicken with more bones than meat but enjoyed it anyway! Overall, food was good! Prices are okay though it goes up every so often. CASH ONLY place!
3 This is an all cash place.  I particularly like the Hianese Chicken and its sauce.  The lunch specials are good.  The roti is always perfect.  The desserts?  I love the coconut.  I'm sorry I did not order that this time.  I particular also like the KangKung Belican - Asian spinach with salted fish.
4 Had 4 dishes... fish, chicken, rib soup and ribs.. all of them are pretty tasty... south eastern Asian style.. only that the place is a little bit crowded and it is cash only...
3 I was excited to try this Malaysian spot recommended by a friend. Nyonya gets crowded even on weekdays, so we arrived quite early (6pm), and were seated immediately.  Appetizers: We first ordered the Roti Canai, one of their most talked about dishes. It is similar to a South Indian dosa, but flakier and in my opinion, less tasty. The pancake was at times crumbling in our hands and outside the plate as we tried to dip it in the curry sauce. Next we got the Fried Buns with condensed milk. It sounds like the simplest of dishes, but to me it was just a perfect combination to match fried dough with condensed milk. The buns were fried well and not very large. They were hot when they arrived which made the experience all the better. My only wish was that they should give more condensed milk to go with it next time.  Main dish: Hainanese chicken.  We got half a chicken because after reading many reviews, we were convinced we'd like it. When we were ordering our dish, the server reminded us that the chicken was going to arrive at room temperature, so we kindly informed her we already knew. The chicken arrived on a bed of soy sauce and with a sweet and spicy sauce next to it. I was excited to try my first bite, but soon enough we would learn that cold chicken is just not for us. It may be normal to eat cold chicken from your fridge when you're too lazy to microwave it, but eating it at a Zagat rated restaurant was just too strange. We still finished all of the chicken with the help of the sauce, but could have easily enjoyed their other dishes more.   Dessert: ABC shaved ice with red beans, corn, palm seeds, jelly with milk, brown sugar and rose syrup. I like the Filipino Halo-Halo better, but ABC shaved ice was a nice alternative. What's interesting about ABC is the rose syrup base which is so different from the coconut milk base you may be used to from other Southeast Asian desserts. For the price of the dessert, we had quite a large serving that could have fed 3 people.   The food was okay, but the customer service made it a bit unbearable. The servers looked like they were kept there against their will and all emotion was wiped clean from their faces. We waited half an hour after ordering our dessert for it to arrive, and when our server brought us our dessert, she said a half-assed apology for the wait without making any eye contact, gave the check before handing us our dessert and told us we can take our time in eating it (!). We felt uncomfortable and rushed, yet still didn't let our discomfort rule our dessert experience, so we waited until we got our last spoonfuls before paying. Oh, also the place is cash-only so be prepared.
3 I went here as a recommendation from my sister who is in love with the Roti Canai. I immediately ordered that and then had to order another one because my bf and I gobbled it up so fast! The ambiance is nice, packed with locals so it's already a good sign. They are very fast paced, business oriented but they work like a well oiled machine.  The Food: Roti Canai is a MUST order! I also ordered the Catonese beef noodles. It was very yummy with the wide rice noodles, tender beef, and sauce that had the smokey flavor that can only be made by the beloved Wok pan. I also got Boba tea- skip this. The tapaioca balls were not fresh and a little hard.  Desert- I had the fried ice cream... can never go wrong with anything fried! Verdict- This place was packed, and so many choices on the menu. I only tasted a couple things and I will be coming back to taste more Tip** this place is CASH ONLY!!
2 Came during a super busy weekend and thought that with better volume equates to fresher dish/ingredients but it was quite the contrary. Ordered the beef chow fun and it came out over cooked and burnt and completely black compared to the color of the dish on the menu. The presentation was terrible. My wife ordered the Tom Yum noodle soup, came out way too spicy and difficult to even eat. Also had the Roti canai bread, deflated with cold curry dipping sauce. Thought this place changed but I guess not.   Wouldn't be coming back.
4 Cash Only!!  Was surprised to find that they did not accept cards.  My cousin took us to Nyonya for some yummy Malaysian cuisine.  He ordered everything for the 12 of us.  So I don't recall the names of the entrees.  Too bad cause it was all good!!  Find this restaurant in New York's Chinatown.  Remember they do not accept credit cards so bring cash.  Food is delicious and priced fairly.  Definitely Nyonya is a great place to get your Malaysian cuisine fix.  Bon Appetit!!
4 I came here as a party of 5 on a Friday around 7 PM and we were seated about 15 minutes after we arrived. I have come across this place in the past but never had the chance to try it.  I am not too familiar with Malaysian food but I've tried laksa in the past. I decided to order the Penang Asam Laksa since I liked the sound of "spicy and sour". When I placed my order, the waitress warned me that it was very fishy but I went ahead and ordered it anyway​. I was a bit nervous that this dish needed a disclaimer, but I was so glad I did! I absolutely loved it, but I do believe you need the taste buds for it. My parents have made something similar with the same amount of fishiness to it, so I was not only used it to, but it was comforting to eat. This dish is packed with a lot of flavors​--it's spicy, sour, fishy, salty and hot. I would definitely order this dish again since this type of dish makes my taste buds happy.
5 Only tried one dish and it was Caviar delivery, so take my review with a grain of salt; but the beef dish with wide noodles was totally delicious, and for $8.95, totally worth the price.  Will definitely reorder!
5 I came here many times before and I can't recall a time when the food wasn't good. It's a great lunch/dinner place for those in Chinatown that aren't craving Chinese food. Never had a problem with the service and for the price of the food, the quality/taste is suitable. The place does get filled quick at prime times for lunch/dinner but the store is quite big so there's plenty of tables.  I came with my mother and her friend near 1 PM and our food arrived not too long after ordering. We ordered the shrimp and lady fingers (okra), Hainanese Chicken (half), two bowl of white rice, and I think Seafood Scrambled Egg Chow Fun. We finished everything and I wasn't even that hungry before I arrived too. Everything was absolutely delicious and I was stuffed just right. My pictures may do no justice to how amazing the food was but they were so full of flavor, I feel myself salivating as I write this.  Normally I would order the appetizer of the Roti Canai (Indian pancake) which is so good too but I passed today. But it is something I absolutely recommended getting and you'll crave seconds after quickly finishing the first. The curry sauce that you dip it into is a bit spicy but it's bearable with some gulps of cold water (Non-spicy eater approves).
1 We ordered the hainese chicken to go.  A whole chicken, which is typically split into two boxes.  A chicken typically has 2 drum sticks, wings, breast etc.    When we got home and opened the boxes, it was DEFINITELY NOT a whole chicken. It was missing not one but BOTH drumsticks and parts of breast. There was maybe half a chicken in the two boxes combined...  Many Chinese restaurants do this (they take a bit here and there from customers buying whole chickens for take out since it wouldn't be noticed right away) check before you bring the chicken home.  Totally unethical, would not return.
2 Pretty disappointed with my experience here last week...my friends and I used to order from here all the time without a problem. I was in the area and hadn't had Nyonya in a few years -- I raved about it to my boyfriend but was upset with the customer service here. It took forever to get someone to take our order...I got the HOMEMADE ROTI CANAI (Indian pancake) as an appetizer and the SPARERIBS MALAYSIAN STYLE. Those two were probably the best dishes we had for the night....the spareribs were tender, fatty but still meaty.   The BEEF CHOW FUN was horrible...the sauce was not good and so so bland. We also got an order of the HAINANESE CHICKEN...I remember it being really good, but it just didn't hit the spot the other night...Probably won't be returning to Nyonya for awhile...just overall didn't have a great dinner. The space is cramped, and we were seated next to this guy and his mother who just did not stop talking (loudly).
5 I am a huge fan of okra/lady fingers and they hit the spot with this one - their food is traditional and filled with flavors.   If you like your chicken with no salt this place isn't for you
5 Excellent food!!! Went with five friends and we really enjoyed the meal. Hai Nan chicken is a MUST try! Desserts were impressive as well. Recommended. One important thing to remember is cash only!!
5 I'd never had Malaysian food before coming to Nyonya, but ever since I've always made it a point to look for Malaysian food in any city I'm visiting. None of them live up to Nyonya's standard. The food is exceptionally good and reasonably priced. I wasn't expecting much when I came in, but all the flavors of the dishes were so pronounced. We ordered a few Roti Canai, and the curry sauce that comes with them is probably one of the most perfect curries I've had. My only complaint would be that the roti itself was quite small, but I'd guess that if you wanted a heartier piece of roti that the Roti Prata would be a good choice. For entrees, we had the Hainanese Chicken with Rice, Beef Rendang, and Kang Kung Belacan. The chicken was tender and cooked well. The Beef Rendang was really flavorful and tender without being too gingery, which I've found is the case in most other renditions that I've had post-Nyonya. The star of the show was the Kang Kung Belacan though, I've had this type of vegetable before but not sauteed with the shrimp paste they use here. The flavor of the shrimp paste was so good, very savory and slightly shrimpy. I could probably eat a whole plate of it along with some rice and call it a meal. This will be one of the first stops I'll make anytime I'm back in NYC!
4 Malaysian food is fantastic for variety because of the exchanges of culture and Nyonya's menu surely reflects this. Came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch with my sister and a friend. We didn't have to wait too long. The waiters were very friendly, but not overbearing. I had a delicious and surprisingly large cup of hot teh tarik. I highly recommend that if you like sweet, hot drinks. I also recommend the roti canai (lovely curry) and beef satay for appetizers. For the main course, we shared 1/2 Hainanese chicken with chicken broth rice and Hokkien char mee. The noodles were plenty flavorful, but very salty (as it usually is). The chicken was not salty, but too dry for my tastes. I would definitely come back because there are so many things to try and the quality is very good. Also, I have a soft spot in my heart for Malaysian food, which includes Hokkien- and Indian-style Malaysian food. This is a great place to share food with friends and family (that way you can try more things), but also equally comfortable to eat alone. As an often lone traveler, can't love a restaurant more than one that doesn't bat an eye at tables for 1.
3 Usually love coming here for the hainanese chicken, squid tentacles & seafood scrambled egg chow fun.  Those are usually are my go to items.   Went in about two days ago and ordered the Curry Mee with young tau noodle soup and didn't taste as fresh as it usually does when I come here.   Hopefully the next time it will be better lol.
5 We ordered three dishes - homemade Roti Canai, Beef Rendang and Kang Kung Belacan.   I must say the beef was really good. If you don't mind shrimp sauce, Belacan is a good choice as well. The service was fast.   Overall a great lunch.
3 Ordered Homemade roti canai and Prawn mee soup. Both dishes were alright, not bad. Though I wish I had a larger quantity of both dishes, so it can satisfy my hunger. The prices were cheap, affordable, and cash only.
1 One Star for take out. Brought noodles and half chicken. Found TWO strand of long hairs in our noodles. Lucky we saw it before eating it. So grossed out by it. Ate at the restaurant before and it was fine. Just take caution of their takeout!!!!
4 Delicious Malaysia food, especially for staples like roti canai, mee siam and mee goreng. Usually there's a wait, but less so the earlier you go toward opening hours. The waitstaff is attentive and service is good/fast. Great value for portions, quality and flavor.
4 Legitttttttttt south East Asian goodness. We came with friends who were visiting and It was a satisfying meal. Table for 4, late lunch on a Saturday without reservations but were seated immediately.  Service was always attentive and food arrived quickly.  Rendang, beef horfun, bak kut teh (sad that this was herbal and not the peppery one I love), sambal kang kong, asam laksa (wish there was more ingredients!), oyster omelette and teh tarik.   Pretty authentic stuff that reminded us of home.  Prices are pretty steep for what It is but we'll definitely be back when we are craving or need some hot food from home.
4 Come prepared - cash only!  Also, be prepared to wait.   Came by recently to give it another go for Sunday lunch, and upon ordering an assortment of dishes shared family style, I found the food pretty good!  Come here to enjoy good food in a casual ambiance with your significant other, friends, or family.  Service is quick and accommodating and the menu has enough variety for different palates and preferences.
5 Noodle soups are delicious - ginger duck noodle soup has an incredibly generous portion of meat. Okra dish is one of the best vegetable dishes I've had. Food is inexpensive and service is fast. Would come again and again
5 CASH ONLY  Came around 1 for lunch on a Saturday and the tables were just about filling up, but luckily we didn't have to wait!  Price: 5/5! Opened the menu to be greeted by a lunch menu that starts at $7.99 for weekdays only, so I couldn't take advantage of it. However, most soups and rice dishes start around $8 so I was very pleased, especially since I work around Midtown.  Food: 5/5! I had this place bookmarked! I ordered the number 1 rice plate and it was DELICIOUS. The rice is well seasoned and goes perfectly with the chicken and the sardines, which were fried to something like chips. My friend ordered the curry noodle soup and though it was vegetarian, it was delicious. The flavors of both dishes are deep and blend extremely well.  Would return in a heart beat to try the other dishes!
4 From all the times I've came here it was delicious and I was satisfied. Even on a weekday especially dinner times it can be busy so if you are trying avoid that you should come during lunch or before dinner. It's clean, full of flavors, and well done. Would recommend the roti canai and beef curry. My boyfriend said he had bad experiences from the times he came but whenever I come I enjoyed.
3 Good menu selection with decent quality food on average, but items are hit or miss.   I like the roti and a lot of the noodles, like the mee goreng.  The Hainanese chicken is popular, but I think it's lacking in flavor.  I'll often also order the bak kut teh (this herbal soup with pork spare ribs), since few places have it; obviously can't compare to Asia but pretty good overall.
4 There's many Nyonya branches. This specific branch in Chinatown, Manhattan is pretty good in its space, food quality and service efficiency. Some of the furnishings are a bit run down, but I love how there's more space here then any of the other branches. I usually get Hainan Chicken with Yellow Rice and I love getting multiple orders of Roti Canai with Curry. Sweet and fluffy, the bread is wonderful to dip into the sweet curry. Not too spicy, so everyone, spice lovers and non spice lovers can enjoy.
5 When we're in Chinatown this is the only place I want to eat!! Good Malaysian food. The roti, chicken curry, is so good!
4 The food is really good. I came here last night with a party of 9. We ordered 7 dishes and 4 appetizers which we thought would be too much food. However to our surprise, the dishes are all quite small.   I think the food is excellent and the price per dish is reasonable. However when you look at the plates you get, its actually not a lot of food. So the price is very reasonable, but you don't get a lot of food in return. So I guess that means its overpriced for what you get in return.   Get the house special squid and the half chicken.   Cash only. $22 each between 9 guys. Not bad.
5 Really good Malaysian food here in Chinatown. It's always packed which is a good thing, and it's actually rather spacious so can accommodate all the Malaysian food lovers. Came here on a Tuesday night and had roughly a 20 minute wait (it was faster because we agreed to share a table with other people).   Let me start with this: the menu is extensive. I could barely process page after page of food that looked delicious. We asked the waitress what was popular and kind of just went with that.   Started with the roti. Delicious, some crispy and some soft, not overcooked. Plenty of curry with potato and meat in the curry as well. This was devoured very quickly. Next came the Malaysian spareribs, deep fried then glazed with a special sauce that was really good with a slight kick to it. My mom is big on vegetables, so we ordered the popular king king veggies. This was quite good, a bit salty but the flavor was unique. Had some spice to it as well but again not too spicy. Our last dish was a tofu dish, mixed with veggies and baby shrimp. This was probably the best, the sauce was great with a hint of soy and oyster sauce, and other flavors I can't quite describe.   Overall the waitstaff were busy but still paid decent attention to everyone. Love the food and the place!
4 This is one restaurant that opens on Christmas Day. The place was packed when we came and we were lucky to make rsvp previously so that we didnt have to wait too long. Menu is very extensive and we have so many choices to choose since they pretty much have all the famous Malaysian dishes. We finally ordered some sambal rojak, charkueteow, prawn mee, curry mee, nasi lemak, satay ck along with their coconut rice and yellow rice. I am very much impressed with the sambal rojak (if you are familiar and dare to try belacan sauce) and their nasi lemak! We also had cendol, ice boba coffee, and another dessert. Service was kinda slow, but we were grateful that there was one Indonesian/Malaysian server who helped us a lot to speed up the service. One more thing to note is that they only take cash payment.
5 Had a great time there! We ordered the roti canai, hokkien char mee, and the young chow fried rice. The food was a little salty but so so good. The restaurant had great ambiance and service. I am really glad I came here and I will definitely come again! The prices were very reasonable as well but you could probably find cheaper in other parts of Chinatown. However for what we got it was worth it!
5 Amazing service and food -- the waiter was very patient with our questions about the extensive menu. The food came out quickly and was delicious! We ordered the eggplant and the half chicken dish. Portion sizes were substantial, particularly given the price. Would definitely come back.
5 Excellent food. Atmosphere can be a little too authentic at times and super busy. Love getting delivery. It's quick , hot and portions are a really good size. The rice noodles with squid and shrimp is  dry good as well as the roti
3 Went on a Saturday night with my sister. When you walk in, if there is a wait, go to the hostess and get a number from them, I have attached a picture of mine so you will know what it looks like.  When we first got our number, the hostess had called 41. I expected this to take awhile to get to our number but after about 20 minutes of waiting, we got our table. Not our own table because we were only two people, but we shared a table with two other groups of two.  The food we got was: Roti prata: It was basically a big balloon of bread that had a curry soup thing to dip the bread. I like to use bread as a utensil so I enjoyed this. I did see other people using the chopsticks to grab the bread and dip but if you use your hands, you feel like a kid again! Fried dumplings: Were OKAY dumplings. Not the greatest chicken fried dumplings I have ever had but did hit the spot for something I was craving. Beef chow fun: As the picture shows, they were oily and wonderful to eat! The bean sprouts provided that subtle crunch that went with the fat noodles and beef. The marinade for it was to die for because you wanted to dip other things in it. It was clearly not the healthiest food item for you, but man was it good. I will say one thing that was frustrating was how the food at our table which we shared with two other groups was brought out. After about 5 minutes of putting in our order, a Roti Prata got brought out and just put in front of my sister and I, so we proceed to start eating it when in reality it was the pair to our left's. We felt very bad for about 2 minutes because the prata that was actually ours (which they took instead) came out just after ours. I hope they make these things more clear in the future when the people in the table do not speak to each other.  Overall: dope place that was not overly priced and had good malaysian food. Just need to clean up the service.
3 Went in the day before NYE with a friend, looking for laksa. Yelp says it is a Malaysian Chinese fusion place and somehow has laksa.   The restaurant was busy and we waited for about 10-15min to get seated. Menu has all kinds of Asian food. We ordered laksa, shrimp noodle and stir fry watercress with soy bean sauce. The server gave me a weird response when I said I wanted laksa and he asked again to double confirm...later I know why don't order the laksa here. Super salty, fishy with unappetizing ingredients (cat fish and pineapple.. seriously?)  My friends noodle is also super salty. The only good thing is the stir fry watercress...
3 The menu is huge, with options for every taste. But I didn't find the food so great, even though the quality seems good.
5 Stumbled across this restaurant for lunch with my wife and we were blown away. We love Malaysian food and this is some of the best we have eaten. Service was great, food was fresh and came out steaming hot which is always good. One of the best Beef Rendangs I've ever had!!!
5 The best Malaysian we have ever eaten. The food was fresh and hot! Staff were excellent and attentive. Very helpful with suggestions on dishes and always topping up water. The complimentary tea is delicious. Fantastic for lunch or dinner for anyone looking for authentic Malaysian cuisine
5 Keep in mind this restaurant only accepts cash.  I have no complaints because many restaurants around this area only accept cash as well. My school is right near Nyonya and I dine in with my family about once a week. We absolutely love the food at Nyonya. It gets very busy around 7:00 - 8:00 PM, especially on the weekends. Since it is a very popular restaurant with overcrowded customers, expect a loud atmosphere!  Some of my favorite dishes here are: Homemade Roti Canai - the pancake is very crispy and paper thin, while the curry dipping sauce is savory.   Hainanese Chicken - this dish is one of the most popular dishes here. Most restaurants that serve Hainanese chicken usually cut up the chicken very poorly which means that it usually consists primarily of bones. Nyonya cuts the white meat perfectly, so that the bones are minimal and the cut looks clean. Keep in mind that Hainanese chicken is supposed to be served cold, so do not be surprised!  Curry Mixed Vegetables In A Clay Pot - keep in mind that most curry dishes at this restaurant are made of the same curry broth/base. This casserole is probably my favorite.  I just would advise to avoid ordering the Pad Thai, as it is a Malaysian twist on the Thailand originated Pad Thai; the spices are different and it does not taste the same.
5 Came here with a big group of 13. We had a reservation and we were seated the moment our whole party arrived. Nothing too fancy to look at in this large restaurant except for the food of course. We shared so many dishes it would be difficult to remember all of them. Everything from the noodles, rice to the garlic and Hainanese chicken tasted amazing. And you should definitely start off with some roti! Exceptionally flavorful food gets this place 5 stars.
4 Amazing Malaysian food!!!! Although the place needs abit shabby and need more cleaning esp the fish tank area, I can't complain about the flavours of the food!
5 I was here five years ago and never forgot it, and came back tonight to exactly what I hoped for. The fried dumplings were light and delicious, the Indian Mee Goreng was exactly what imagined, just excellent. I will keep dreaming about this place!
1 This place was such a delusion for us. Firstly, cash only, no cards accepted (excuse me, are we in the Medieval Ages?), although the place is really big and crowded, so this is ridiculous. We were seated to a very small table next to the bar section, and apparently that is the place where they collect all the dirty dishes. In the MIDDLE of a restaurant, they pile up a ton of dirty plates onto a cart right next to us where we were eating. Disgusting! The food is mediocre or some of them are just simply awful, like the absolutely tasteless peanut-satay (?) tofu. On top of that, when we paid, the bill was around $37 including a mandatory tip (???), and when we gave them $40 (we didn't have a change), they immediately ran away with the money, we waited a little bit, but they didn't even TRY to give back the change! It's really not about that 3 dollars, but when I already paid a mandatory tip, they shouldn't have to take the change thinking that is obvious that I want to leave it for them too. Won't be coming back!!
5 I love their chicken clay pot and hainenase chicken! My go to Malaysian restaurant in New York. Delicious!
3 I'll give it 3.5 stars. The food was greasy and way too much salt that I felt nothing but thirsty after having the meal. For sure it's a Unhealthy meal. Ordered herbal meat soup tastes terribly salty and artificial. First try for the Malaysian cuisine in nyc. I really don't recommend for healthy and clean-eating people.
2 Cash only. Good for the adventurous foodie. Having just been to Malaysia, I can confidently state this this food isn't that authentic, but that's not a huge issue with me. Food is just disappointing, but maybe we ordered the wrong things.   Spicy squid tentacles - disgustingly fried. Not even one star. Stay away.   Seaweed salad - the minor amount of seaweed and mango are good, but the rest of it is just lettuce and tomatoes. Meh nothing special.   Hainanese Chicken - I really wanted to like this, but I just didn't. It's cold, which is just weird, but the big issue is that it's mainly skin and bone. The onion soy sauce it comes with, though, is delicious, but it's all on the skin, and most people don't want to eat the skin, so you pull it off, and with it, you pull off the soy sauce, so you kinda have to scrape it up and dip the naked chicken into it, but it's a huge mess and you lose a lot of the sauce, and you're left with cold wet chicken. It's gross.   Kang Kung Belacan - sauteed veggie with shrimp paste; this was awesome. Make sure to get this. Couldn't get enough.   Kind of a disappointing experience, but I'd give it another try if I'm in the area.
1 Horrible food quality. By far, it taste like a regular Chinese food restaurant. Nothing authentic of the food quality. Service is horrible. Waiter was rude and service was slow. Not friendly at all. The food taste blend.
3 Food is pretty decent, service is typical of a busy Asian joint. Rushed, you don't really have a specific server, etc. The food selection is pretty rad - yummy Malaysian choices, I loved the Roti & the noodles, just not anything that hit way out of the park. I'd probably pop in again though!
3 If you're adventurous with Asian food, this one is for you.   Don't expect to order your nasty teriyaki chicken or orange chicken. Nyonya gets the food right.   Ordered the following:  Nyonya House Special Squid: spicy squid  Chow Keuh Teow: noodles with shrimp. Not spicy at all.   Nyonya Poh Piah: tofu and bean sprouts egg roll. Simple as that.   Squid and eggplant: somewhat spicy with a hint of fish sauce.    I would've given a 3 star rating but we had to ask THREE TOMES for a clean tea cup. And hunt them down for water.   Would I come back? Sure. But I have low expectation on service.   BTW, cash only.
5 Food was excellent and very authentic. Love their Kang Kung Belacan, pearl noodle and beef rendang, Nasi Lemak. Food came very fast. Service was ok otherwise, its a no frills, down to earth place with awesome food. Would eat there everyday if I could
5 Came here on a Saturday evening around 6pm and we were lucky to score a table for two. By the time we left, which was about 45 minutes later, the entrance was jam-packed with people in line. I had to wriggle my way out of there.  We shared the roti telur which is basically just like roti canai except it's stuffed with eggs and onions. Loved the curry--perfect amount of spice.  My friend had the clay pot pearl noodles while I had Indian Mee Goreng. She downed the whole thing pretty fast and was examining the noodles, wondering if they were hand-pulled. No idea but it was pretty tasty and chewy? As for my mee goreng--all I can say is that I love the squid sauce they used. Completely in love with it.   I took a look at the dessert menu and was saddened at the fact that they didn't have the Nyonya desserts I had back in Singapore. Oh well.   Cash only.
5 Delicious food!!! We always have to get the Roti Canai to start! Thai iced tea is amazing. ALL the food is delicious! Food comes out very fast as well!   Downside is that they only accept cash which kinda sucks but def worth hitting up your nearest bank/atm to make it happen!
3 I was not terribly impressed with my dish. The sauce I found was unfortunately bland and the pork had grizzel. Service was rushed and sporadic. I thought though this might have been my misunderstanding I was supposed to get soup with my lunch special. My companion also received his dish 10 minutes before I did
2 Below average food. The Hainan chicken was just like average chicken that you can find any other Asian restaurant. Mixed vegetable curry was just a water boiled veges in curry broth. The curry was very plain, not sweet nor spicy. I had high hope for this restaurant but ended up being disappointed. Cash only. I didn't see any "cash only" signs at the front door though.
2 I have no clue why this place is highly rated. It's located on a Main Street in NYC and if you weren't sure from the Zagat stickers and looked at the decent Yelp reviews, you would think it's worth trying. It's not. The shrimp is all frozen and not fresh at all. The Hainan chicken was ok but mainly soy sauce flavors. The roti bread was the best thing but you can't be full from that. The tables and chairs were slightly sticky but the food was nothing to recommend. They seat almost everyone near the window so it looks like they are busy and they aren't really. They are cash only but I wouldn't be surprised if they are out of business in a few years. The neighborhood is gentrifying so it may turn into a French place or a diner. Wait for the new place.
5 Great food, nice service, a good place for family gathering. A wide range of selection that can satisfy everyone's needs.
3 The service ruined it for me...the food was delicious. I even tried something out of my comfort zone and it was on point, so appetizing. However, the service was very disappointing. I understand if the food is taking a long time to prepare because of full house but i think its important for the servers to let the customers to know that! Instead of neglecting and never coming near our table.... also, i am not a huge fan of CASH ONLY... :/ i guess its busy for a reason, good food... but service is one of the big reasons why i go back...
2 They first said cash only,,, soo I got that cold cash money entertainment bill yo. And they try to seat us where other workers were cutting their greens... soo we said we will just leave... but some how when u try to leave they always got another table,, genie ,, sooo we agree to eat there. Server decided to come to us after 4 seasons have changed ... took forever .... ordered appetizer that wasn't bad ,,, but just tooook toooooo long..... and main didn't even come out ... servers ignore us when they lock eyes ....maybe cuz of my Gucci look. . Food ain't bad though , , but service was ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh
4 If you're looking to get your cheap Malaysian crave in the city, Nyonya is the place to be! Rice and noodle dishes are within a reasonable range and come in large portions. My friends and I each ordered noodle dishes along and split two appetizers (chicken skewers and the roti canai) and we ended up completely stuffed and only having to pay $11 including tax and tip- what a steal!   *warning, food is on the greasier end.
1 Food: 3/5 Service 0/5  Food was ok. Whatever. What does it matter? The service was unacceptable.  -The waiter gave us about 4 minutes to peruse a 20+ page menu.  -We ordered a rice with our chicken and only got it once we reminded them 10 minutes after we received our entrees. -I sat side by side with my wife, and got several mean mugs from the passing staff -Generally short and unwelcoming interactions with the staff  -Here is the unforgivable part: my bill came out to 39.09. As someone who believes that tips are EARNED, I [begrudgingly] left $42. I was halfway out the restaurant when I noticed my wife was not with me. I turned around to find the very tall waiter looming over my petite, pregnant wife repeating over and over again "not enough," pointing to the tip.   Are. You. Kidding. Me?!  1) You are lucky to get anything with that kind of service.  2) No where is it written that a tip is required for parties of 2 3) If that other server did not jump in and tell the first server to back off, you would have had a nice little scene in your restaurant, because I would have made sure he backed off 4) I will never be coming back to this restaurant.  I've read up on the other reviews, and it seems this tipping thing is a recurring issue with this place. This leads me to believe that the staff is underpaid and must really rely on these tips to survive, which is why they are so aggressive about it.   But I refuse to feel bad. That's an issue that the OWNER needs to address. Here's a bit of advice for the owner: TREAT AND PAY YOUR STAFF WELL, and they will work hard and happily for you, and they will treat your customers well, who will come back and bring their friends, more than making up for that amount of lost profit by paying your staff well. Its really quite simple.
1 Horrible experience with mediocre food and bad service. The waiter gave us 2 minutes to look at the menu and forgot our rice with our entrees. Only brought it when we asked another waiter about it 10 min after our entrees were brought out.   The most appalling part- after leaving a 3 dollar tip for a 38 dollar bill we were stopped by the waiter demanding a bigger tip. He insisted that we must leave more money, almost creating a scene in the restaurant full of people. Only stopped when another waiter stepped in and let us go.   Also, the restaurant is cash only, and in today's day and age that is a huge red flag. (IRS ANYONE? ) Looks like the waiters are grossly underpaid because other reviews on yelp state similar experiences about being hassled for more tip money. Just unacceptable.
5 Beef flat noodles on point. Perfection. Oily but tasty. Nuff said... . . . . ............
4 This is my go to place for lunch every now and then if I'm craving for kangkung and garlic chicken which is an excellent combo ( plus brown rice ). However the food takes awhile to be served at times and they do run out of kangkung too. Nevertheless, the servers are polite. The bathroom is not that great.
4 Nyonya is my favorite place for Malaysian cuisine! Food is always solid. I've been to the ones in Brooklyn but I think that the one in Chinatown is the best. The menu seems to be more extensive as well. I almost always get the same three dishes when I come here: Roti Canai, Hainanese Chicken and Fried Pearl Noodles. They are all really good :) The curry to dip the Roti Canai is always spot on, I would suggest eating this before it gets cold. However, some parts of the "pancake" are a little too thin and flaky. Get the Hainanese Chicken with the chicken broth rice. It's sooo delicious, you won't regret it! The fried pearl noodles aren't too oily or bland and not too chewy just the way I like it. Will forever come to Nyonya if I ever need a Malaysian fix!   Taking one star off because it's cash only and wait is pretty long during dinner time.
5 Asian food when visiting New York?!  Hell yeah!  NYC has a strong community of Chinese with many chinatown neighborhoods throughout its five boroughs.  When I get asked what was my favorite meal on my vacation to NYC, I respond with Malaysian food at Nyonya!  Satisfying meal without paying top dollar.  Our group shared family style and were able to delight on a handful of Malaysian offerings.  -  -  The fried rice had a little heat on it--very subtle.   -  Noodles were thin but with chili flavoring similiar to pad thai.   -  Their Roti Canai bread was paper thin and came with peanut sauce--this was the only dish I didn't really care for.  I like more substance in my roti.   -  The beef Rendang dish was tender and complemented well by the sauce.   -  Mango shrimp--winners! -  Their signature Hainan chicken dish--cold chicken with a sweet soy sauce--delivered on taste as well!   -  Their green veggies (think watercress but not sure)--wow!  For the Hawaii folk, think of Nyonya as Dagon with a tinge of heat.  When in New York, eat Malaysian!
1 I waited like 15 mins for the half chicken to go but I only got so little of the soy sauce.  Common!  I paid $12 for it.  Is soy sauce that expensive nowadays?
5 One of the best chicken rice I've had. Authentic. Btw, they don't accept credit card here.
4 Great escape in an increasingly hipster infiltrated area.  Not quite as no frills as some long established ctown restaurants but not posh and trendy like the young blood places either. And the crowd here reflects that. Its a diverse melting pot of hipsters and ctown folk. Though I guess you could say hipsters are everywhere in the city now. How I love to reminisce about 90s Manhattan...   The service here is slow because the wait staff is overburdened. They won't be back to ask you how everything is or if you want to order something else so you better make the best of the times they are in front of you.  The food is pretty good. Prices are good too though portion sizes are a bit smaller than the rest of Chinatown. My favorites from here were the beef tendon in curry and the house special salted fish fried rice. The curry dish had delicious tender meat and great sauce flavor. It wasn't greasy or gamey like some Chinese beef curry dishes can be. Maybe it was the Malay Thai influence that prevented that.   Beers at 5-6 dollars each reflected the middle area of this place, being cheaper than the rest of the city but steeper than ctown. Small but interesting selection. I had the Thai German style beer.   Hainan chicken was a bit disappointing. I've had better and fresher tasting ones. I think it might have been sitting for awhile.
5 If you wanna do lunch takeout, call 15 minutes in advance cause this place gets BUSY.   My go-to is the Indian mee goreng. Not too heavy, well-scorched by the wok, and complemented well by the curry spice and lemon.
4 Food was full of flavor and delicious, only reason i couldn't give it a 5 is because of minute details. Started with the roti canai which was delicious as always with the curry dipping sauce, but the roti itself was a tad too thin and crispy where every piece I broke off would just shatter into a million pieces (kinda like the small remain bits at the bottom of a bag of chips). The  beef rendang was also flavorful but what I miss most from the dish is the beef/tendon pieces. Sure, you're probably getting your money's worth with the whole chunks of beef. But I was looking forward to the flavorful tendon. The remaining dishes I had, the Mee Siam and the stir fried okra was on point with no gripe.  All in all, I'd still come back here because Nyonya is still hits the spot for Malaysian.
1 It's official, Nyonya serves American Malaysian food. This restaurant has never been DA BOMB to begin with, but it's gotten progressively worse since it opened. Today, I had char kueh teow and curry noodles. They were bland and el dente, everything that's NOT Malaysian. If you're looking for authentic Malaysian food in Chinatown, I suggest Sanuria, located at 18 Doyers (in the basement). Nothing fancy, just good food.
3 Hang out with friends on Friday night, this place is packed. The wait is around 30 mins. Place is simply deco,  looks clean.  We ordered hainan chicken, nan bread with curry dip, okra with shrimp,  watercress,  curry beef stew, Shirmp fry rice. My favorite dish is curry beef stew and okra with shrimp.   Fry rice taste under average, too bland.  Watercress is okay, small portion. Service is okay,  our food is slow, beef stew is first to be served, the second dish arrived 15 mins apart.
4 Many food choices and all good. Don't like the fish head casserole though. Long line waiting but still worth it.
5 the beef curry. so good. and food comes out quickly!
4 Their food never lets me down. For a Malaysian restaurant, they make one of the best pad thai s in nyc. The prices are very reasonable, the dishes ranges from 7 - 12 dollars [sometimes more for the speciality dishes]. The waiters are always nice and friendly. The only thing that I wish they'd  change is their cash only policy.
3 I've been here once before, almost 2-3 years ago, and remember really liking the place. Came back again for dinner on a weekend and was utterly unimpressed. Nothing we ordered was bad, but again, nothing we ordered was amazing. Everything was just "ok." We came with a big group and ordered a lot of dishes, and the hainan chicken was probably the only standout. At least the price is cheap!  Oh also, the place was pretty crowded while we were there, with people waiting, but I never felt like I was being rushed out, which surprised me. I eat in k-town a lot, and the servers there are ready to kick you out before you've even finished your meal.
1 My friend and I came in for a dinner when it wasn't busy at all. It was our second visit here because we really enjoyed our experience here during our first visit.. However, during our second visit, our minds were fully blown. I would say the service was bad if it wasn't for the fact that it was NONEXISTENT. When my friend and I were ready to order, we waved our hands at the waitress, but the waitress, Beni, ignored us. She looked at us for a second but then turned around and continued chatting with her coworkers.   This wouldn't be that big of a deal if Beni actually did what she was supposed to do. But, this wasn't the case. She was arrogant and didn't ask us how we were doing at all. Also, she never filled up our empty tea cup nor provided us new napkins. We were forced to pay the tip with 15% of gratuity which I don't think Beni deserved it.  Overall, I would say the food is decent, but they need to teach their employees how to serve their customers properly.
4 Crab dishes are nice as well as the noodles and hinanese chicken.  Always busy, loud and happy place for me.  Great value and very consistent even with a sizable menu.
5 My first time having Malaysian food! But I'll definitely be back. My favorite dish was the one with the vegetables and meat inside a fried taro root nest/bowl!
4 A pretty solid choice if you want some Malaysian food. This spot is only 70% of the way there for the best Malaysian food that I taste. As a safe dish, i would recommend some of the chicken dishes and the curry dishes. Visit this place early because it can get really packed.
5 I absolutely love Malaysian or any type of Southeast Asian Cuisine.  Their Roti Canai, roti telur,  chow kueh tiao, and pop piah are some of my most frequent dishes. It gets pretty crowded in the evening so I do suggest either coming early be prepared to starve for a while. For the price and the quality of the food it's definitely my favorite Malaysian restaurant in the city!
3 I noticed the reviews on yelp while in Chinatown and decided to try this place since it is highly rated.  Perhaps I chose poorly but the dish I got was simply "fine".  When I say fine, it wasn't bad by any means...but I feel like it was a dish you can find at basically ANY Chinese restaurant anywhere in the US.  I was really hoping for a Malaysian flavor here as I've never experienced it, but everything tasted like what I'm used to with normal Chinese food.  Again, this place was perfectly fine food...but for the high reviews, I expected much more.  PS:  This is cash only!
5 This did not disappoint the Tom Yum Soup was exceptional and the Roti Candi appetizer was delightful. Good service and atmosphere. I will be back.
1 Sorry to say this place has gone to what I call tourist restaurant with no taste the curry that I use to love has been water down and taste like shit.. curry should be thicker. The chicken favor rice is dry as the desert.. Unbelievable that since hippies and tourist the food Quality has gone below 1star...  I've been eat at this place for a long time and no is no even a place I recommend for friends visiting from out of town. People that give higher then 2 star don't know what real food is. Even my chef friends say is really bad..
3 I've been coming here for who knows how long, maybe 15 years or so? However I don't come by choice, I have a lot of family who like this place so I'm usually tagging along. The prices are low and portions are very big. Everyone I know loves the spices but in my opinion, the food seems a bit bland and it feels as if they know and to overcompensate with the spice.
4 Food so good!!  This place will be one of my favorite restaurant. I'm highly recommended hainan chicken, me and my friend love it.      I will come back again and try something else.
3 My bro and I went here for dinner after Google donut shop event. We waited on the google line for 2.5hrs so when we were finally done, we were hangry! LOL so I suggested walking to Chinatown Grand Street to get a bite since I notice two New restaurants open up at that location. However when we got to the area, there was a line to get into the new restaurant and it was a hotpot place, so my bro was not in the mood for that. He wanted Malaysian so we saw this place across the street. I have been here before a few yrs ago. It was packed and had a line too. But the place is big and could accommodate a lot of people. Wait time for a table was 10mins. Not bad.   Once we were seated with our menus, the waiters forgot about us. Not good at all. They lose points for service. Customer service was horrible in fact. They didn't bring us a teapot. I had to wave my hands many times before waiter came over. Then I finally ordered after about 15-20min wait and I had to ask for a teapot. It was ridiculous. In the past service was a lot more prompt and better. I think it's their location and day of week (Saturday) that got them so much customers. Because frankly their food quality went down too. Nothing remarkable about their food. We order hainese chicken half, seafood tofu casserole, pig intestine, and two coconut rice. The hainese chicken used to taste a lot better. This time, not so much. The seafood casserole was horrible, mostly liquid starch and not much substance. The pig intestine was the best dish they had. Probably would not be my go to Malaysian place. I have tasted a lot better.  They are just mediocre. I would pass if you see a better place along the way.
4 Large restaurant with plenty of seating. The downside is that with all the tables, it can be hard to flag a waiter down to place an order. The food also comes out as it's ready and not in courses. Remember it's cash only!  Food wise - the roti canai and roti telur are both delicious. The roti is much thinner than you get at other restaurants. Chicken satay was super juicy and moist. For the entrees, the star was the spicy crab #16. It was just slathered in spices and dark brown caramelized onions. It can be tricky to eat but so worth it. Other dish we liked was the fried rice. I would say the masak lemak and sizzling noodles were quite blah. But I would 100% return for the crab and the sweet and salty peanut pancake dessert.
5 So good here. My husband and I ate here a couple years ago and came back to try it again. Both times the food did not disappoint. This time around we got the curry stir fried noodles and fried rice with salted fish. Both so good and different. Nothing was overwhelmingly salty but still had great flavor.  It looks busy here but they have a lot of seating. You may have to sit closely to other people but no biggie. You forget about it all cuz the food is so good.
4 We came for the hainan chicken, and the chicken was good as we expected. We ordered curry puff, seafood soup, garlic vege, and pork intestine. All were nice and tasty. Liked it here!
2 Food here was decent. The Brooklyn locations taste way better than here. I recommend going to the one in Brooklyn.
4 Service-4 Food-4 Value-5 Ambiance-4  Easy breezy 10 min wait on a Thursday night. Nice open, clean interiors..The menu is varied with pictures- got to love that! We put in our order quickly for the ever-popular Roti Canai, chicken satay Roti temur and coconut drink. The main course is a challenge as this is one time I feel the choice is one too many! We zero in on Masak Lemak, fried rice, crab and sizzling noodle. Must say that everything is fresh and flavorful; the chicken Masak lemak is a disappointment as it has a sweetness and fishy taste that I did not expect. The fried rice, sizzling noodle is good; the winner is crab though.. 4 crabs in nice brown spicy Masala- I love everything about the dish- the size, taste, texture and spice. A little cumbersome to eat but worth the effort! For dessert we get the coconut pudding- served in a fresh coconut- very light but not satisfying. The second dessert was a winner- it is a peanut pancake with ice cream- 100 percent satisfaction ..  $120 with tax and tip is a great deal in NYC. Just Go for it .
3 They really need more staff. It took them a while to bring out our orders, we had to wave down the staff to get our tea filled twice and I literally had to go get my own forks because all of them were busy. The Hokkien char mee I ordered was also super oily. Hopefully will have a better experience next time.
4 I really enjoy their food, just really salty haha. We were able to sit there after everyone got there (party of 6) . It was a Wednesday night and super busy. We ordered but everyone got their food at different times and they bought the plates one by one rather all at once. They always made sure we had tea! Haha  The roti canai, hainanese chicken with rice are my go-to meal. I share that with friend. I feel pretty stuffed after ! The flavor is good, chicken is tender, and sauce is so good I pour it over my rice. Their ice thai tea is good but too much ice not worth. My meal came out to be 14.5$ which is not bad shared.  It's alway seems busy so expect a 20-30 min wait total to sit and get food, or longer.  Interior is chilly they keep the AC on!  It's on grand street so easy to get to dessert places afterward.
3 Unfortunately, the trend of smaller portions and higher prices continues. Today, my seafood fried noodles basically lacked seafood. There were two shrimps and two pieces of squid in the whole plate of noodles. I remember how they used to have a pile of seafood. Sad. And they didn't make it up to us in any way when I pointed it out. Too bad. This used to be one of my favorite restaurants.
1 DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU VALUE YOUR HEALTH. I was incredibly disappointed by this place, I don't understand how it has so many reviews and 4 stars. While eating the food, I was actually getting a stomachache from this shitty food. Food is incredibly oily, and tastes like the chef used the same pan for all the foods he cooked. Also not really a Malaysian place; more like a Chinese place that just tries to offer random menu items and slaps 'Malaysian' on the name.   First, the Roti canai is not really roti canai - usually it's a bit more soft, but this one was like a cracker. And the sauce was just pure oil and fat. Then the chicken came and my god I have not had a dryer chicken - after two bites I felt like cardboard was filling my mouth. Then the Nyonya fried noodles came and wow I was blown away by mediocrity. It was incredibly oily, ingredients were not fresh at all (ESP the shrimp), scallop had sand in it. The watercress was a bit better, but still tasted like they had cooked it in the same pan with other foods. Additionally, we ordered white rice that just never came. Despite this subpar service, they automatically charge a 15% tip when honestly I want to leave 0 tip. Especially given my queasy stomach post meal. Seriously if I could I would want to sue them for being in business and serving this type of food to customers.
5 I first came upon Nyonya at the Brooklyn location where my sister lives. When I found out they made one in the city, my dream literally came true. Their Roti is crispy, chewy and warm and goes perfectly with the curry they provide. Their Hainanese chicken is nice and flavorful (you must get it with the coconut rice!). But by far my favorite is the sizzling tofu! OMG this is my ultimate favorite tofu spot! Please just try it and you'll understand lol. This place has very authentic Malaysian flavors and every one of my friends that I brought became obsessed!
5 All I am going to say is yum yum yummy. They have a big menu here. My friend introduce me to this spot yesterday and I ll be going back.
5 I've been coming to this place for over 30 years since I was a little kid. Stopped by today to dine in but didn't realize it was takeout only. We ended up ordering 8 dishes but unfortunately my favorite (beef and tofu over rice) wasn't available as they had no tofu. I settled for beef and string beans tho but it didn't disappoint! We also ordered 2 beef chow fun, chicken pan fried noodles, curry beef over rice, pork and egg congee, soy sauce chicken and roast pork over rice, and beef and egg over rice. The place was packed with a constant stream of customers picking up orders and placing orders. Although it was busy, the food came out pretty fast. We hit traffic heading back to Long Island but the food kept well and was still delicious once we got home at finally dug in. Unfortunately because we were starving, we didn't take any pics!! I know, savage animals! LOL!!! Would definitely recommend pretty much anything on the menu tho as everything I've had over the years was always delicious!!
5 Delicious bbq pork on rice and sautéed pak Choy. Classic, and very satisfying. Often seems to have a line, but very fast moving
5 Love this spot for all my Cantonese classics! They fry both sweet and savory dough sticks fresh to order (these pair really well with their congees!). Big Wong is also known for their lobsters, which are decently priced and pretty fresh. Great spot to pick up the usual chicken, duck, and roast porks and plenty of other noodle and rice dishes. I tried the slippery egg and beef over rice for the first time after a recommendation from a friend and was pleasantly surprised and how simple but good it was! If you've had any beef and broccoli or beef and peas over rice, it's the same super tender beef cuts with a thick brown gravy. The eggs are really smooth and silky, similar to what you'll find in egg drop soups.
5 I like this place. The service is pleasant, the food is delicious. A pleasant place to return to. For me, this place is one of  the best solutions. I liked to stop by when i didn't feel like cooking. This must be one of the best Chinese restaurants i have been to. A good menu selection, reasonably priced items and very attentive service.  An absulute pleasure to order a takeout at this place as this is the best option during these times.
5 This is one of the affordable and delicious restaurants in Chinatown. I've been getting takeout here since I was a kid and haven't had a bad experience. I recommend their fish congee with fried dough(savory), ham and egg omelette, shrimp fried rice, and rice with roast pork, chicken, and egg. With such a big menu, it can easily be overwhelming but then again this is also great for people who may be vegan, vegetarian, pescatarian, etc. In other words, you have many options. I prefer coming here than to the more known restaurants in the area since those places get super crowded.
5 Came here a crap ton as a kid growing up in Chinatown. Came back during Covid. The dude up front was kinda mean and direct but I think thats just how they are lol. Congee and rice crepes are mad bomb !!!. Highly recommend.!!!! Don't let the man scare u!!! He's actually very nice. Also the prices are extremely reasonable
4 Pretty good, I came here during Covid and there was a long line of older Asian people which is always a positive sign. The to-go food came out which so the line went by fast.   The BBQ was the best thing here, the Duck and chicken were both ok but if you are here you should stick with the BBQ pork.   The pork here is not as sweet as Wah Fung but same great quality.
5 Some of the best bbq in Chinatown and NY. I have frequented this place for almost a decade and it never disappoints. It is certainly a hole in the wall but the food is BOMB. On my latest visit, I picked up half a roast duck to go (given Covid). The restaurant does a good job with crowd control and only allows a few people inside at a time (rest of line is outdoors). The price & quality can't be beat!   P.S. My Uber to and from Chinatown + the duck was literally less than half what it would cost if I went to RedFarm/Decoy in my own neighborhood - and just as tasty! Support Chinatown!
5 Most tasty food in Chinatown. I live on Long Island and whenever I head downtown, I must go here and bring food back. Best Young Chow Fried Rice I've had in my life.
3 Came here with my cousin right before Covid hit for shutdown after one of our girl's spa day.  Big Wong is one of Chinatown's classic and popular eatery. It has been around for a long time and I predict it will continue to be around for a long time. It has all the classic and delicious comforting flavor. Coming here is like seeing an old friend with a smile. You know what you want and is getting into when you come here for a nice meal. I love their roast bbq meats; flavorful, juicy/tender and delish. I never had any dry bbq meat or any issue when I'm here.
4 A Chinatown institution. I've been coming here since I was a kid and nothing has changed. Quality and cheap food. Expect brisk service and limited English. Pointing and showing pictures works if you're not confident in communicating. I'd skip the bathrooms if possible
5 Came during a rainy day to order fish congee and shrimp congee. Big Wong's congee always help an upset stomach. Glad Big Wong is opened. Been coming here since 1989 and now it's almost 2021. You will always have my business. See you next week!
5 My family and I used to go there every time we were in Chinatown. I remember the food was so good and we would order the same thing every time. Duck, bbq pork and roasted pork with rice. Wontons with noodle soup, rice rolls with fried crueller in it, and fried creuller with soy milk. I miss this place a lot.
1 Food has gone downhill. Roast duck was all fat and bones. Seems the prices have gone way up while food quality went way down. Also, very awkward set up to place order. Have to wait outside the whole time.
1 What a disappointment. I'd heard that the rice noodle rolls here were good, but that was fake news. The noodle part and sauce were good, but there was barely any filling in them, especially the beef noodle. The beef was almost unnoticeable. A ripoff.
4 they are open for take out during covid. The person taking orders is wearing a mask but you can't really see inside beyond the hanging meats to see if everyone else is.  it was easy to walk up and order at the entrance, they call you when your order is ready.  I ordered lean roast pork and roast duck and received exactly what i ordered.  The meats tasted delicious especially since I've been missing out on authentic chinese food during covid (5+months).    don't forget to ask for your ginger and other sauces because if you order in english they don't give you the sauces with out asking. (my mistake).
5 Best congee in NY Chinatown! A stop we make whenever we come back to NYC. The congee is soooo smooth and flavorful. How can something that looks so simple be so delicious?   We got the combination congee with everything in it. With or without the deliciously fried Chinese doughnuts, was delicious. Nothing I would change about it. The best Chinese congee I've had anywhere. Hands down.
5 Even during Covid, their food is the BEST!!!!  It's take out only but it taste the same.  Love this place.  Totally recommend trying this place.  If you are from the LES and have never tried this place, move back uptown.  This place has been here for over 40 years.
5 this is what real breakfast looks like!  delicious roast pork over rice  dont forget to ask for the ginger and the garlic chili
2 Big Wong's time has passed. I just left there excitedly carrying my roast duck noodle soup with mei fun noodles home for dinner. It was tasty but sorely lacking and overpriced. For four small pieces of boney roast duck, scallions, broth, and noodles I was charged $8.25. They couldn't be bothered serving the soup with greens (i.e. bok choy) nor better pieces of the duck. This, unfortunately, is not a result of the pandemic and lack of supplies. They've been going downhill for the last year or two but I kept supporting them hoping for an improvement. This will be my last time. There are plenty of other restaurants in the area that I'm sure will be better and worth every penny.
5 Always love the simple clean Chinese restaurant.  Lo mein and sliced pork are my favorites.  They also serve great bbq meats hanging in the window like chicken and duck I have been going there for over 20 years. The quality and taste of the food  is very consistent with fast service and reasonable prices
4 Food is good and fair portion here. I always go in to order instead of calling ahead, once you place an order, they will give the a number. When the food is ready, they will call out your number. The only complaint I have is you have to figure out which line to order, which line is to wait for  the food. I always ask the ppl who are waiting online, so you don't waste your time to just stand there.
3 Been coming to this place for decades, but unfortunately, it appears the quality of food has changed for the worse.  Not sure what cause is, but it is NOT the same as the "go to place" as it was back in the 80's.  The wontons are mushy now, and the skin is different.  When you ask for less fatty roast pork you get fatty portions or portions with a lot of tendon.  It has become your average place and nothing special, to a point that it not worth the effort to get to anymore.  It's decently average, and hope they can reclaim the glory that they once were.
5 The service is always quick and the staff is still in good spirit during the coronavirus pandemic. The best part is having Chinese bbq available. If you don't call ahead for your order; you can still wait on line to place your order than they will provide you a ticket with a number. They will call out your number when your order is ready. Once I figured out where the line to make the order was everything else was smooth sailing.
4 Big Wong has been around for decades and is a major staple for people who grew up in Chinatown. Prices has definitely gone up over the years but the quality remains the same. They even have the same workers here. The decor remains the same as the 90s. Service is okay. They are very busy and fast with the orders. I love the seafood congee here. It includes shrimp, squids, fake crabmeat and peanuts. The congee here is thick and the best in town. Always get the fried cruller with rice noodles over it. Add the sweet soy sauce and you got yourself a delicious breakfast. The roast pig, ducks, and char siu here is very delicious. Highly recommend Big Wong for anyone who is craving for classic Cantonese food.
5 The food here is just great.  This is AUTHENTIC Chinese food.  I had a Pork dish with rice and my friend had a shrimp dish.  We shared and other were just great.  Service was pretty friendly and they brought our food very quickly.    It doesn't seem like the cleanest restaurant, but in Chinatown, this is what you'll find everywhere.  Casual with good food.
3 Congee and roast meats are good. Others are just plain bad. I want my money back.  Go there for the things at the front of the store. Save your money for everything else.
5 I had such a great experience here. Chinatown is infamous for not having the best service and I grew up hearing that "If you didn't feel personally offended at the restaurant you're eating at in Chinatown, you probably didn't have good food." That definitely was not the case. I came in on a Friday at 9:30am, and maybe it was the time, but the staff was so nice and pleasant. Constant refills and smiles and asking how we were doing! Just for that I'd want to come back everyday! We had the roast duck noodle soup as well as the fried cruller rice rolls. The roast duck was sooooo juicy and there was such a generous amount of noodles in the bowl for the price point at $7. The rice rolls were a huge portion at $3 and were generous with the sauce. Don't forget, CHILI OIL ON EVERYTHING! Will be back forever and ever. Thank you big wongs.
4 I loved this place for years. But you need to know what to get. Duck obviously. Congi. Avoid the beer.   It's basically a greasy spoon - except very great floors.
3 To start off, I am really picky on Chinese. I like one buffet back home, but this place was decent. I did not enjoy the pork fried rice, but the egg rolls were excellent! My friends thought their food was alright too. As soon as you get there, they give you hot tea! It was a nice place to just stop if you are walking around Chinatown.
2 *the review is only for youtiao*  Youtiao is too doughy and not kept warm during the day.  You can find better youtiao elsewhere in Chinatown.
4 Traditional Cantonese style. Roasted pork, steam chicken, boat porridge, soy sauce chicken. These are the food I always order. Don't mention about the small space for each customer, but just enjoy the delicious food here. You will definitely fall in love with them.
2 It was a little hole in the wall place in China town. Our friend recommended it and said it was amazing. We were a little disappointed. Food was just alright nothing too amazing. It got cold really quick too. I wouldn't recommend it. But go try for yourself
4 Let me first start off by saying, I grew up on Big Wong's!  My family would buy from BW at least twice a month and it wasn't just some small bowl with some meat - it was pounds and pounds of bbq pork, spare ribs, whole ducks and whole chickens with half a dozen fried sweet breads - my family may be small but my grannie had a big generous heart and would feed as many ppl as she could (probably why she opened her own restaurant).  So I had BW quite often.    Then I moved away and haven't had any BW for at least a decade... fast forward to current day, their roast meats is still top notch!  The best in the city, heck, the best in this whole country!!  I got the duck and bbq pork with rice today and let me tell you, it did not disappoint!!  I couldn't stop eating!  Everything was so tender and flavorful, the duck wasn't too fatty (as duck can be), they gave me the prime piece of the thigh and drumstick.  The bbq pork was super tender, a tad sweet and again hardly any fat - it'll bring you to pork bbq heaven!  So why the 4 stars, Anita?  Well... on the menu it says it's $7... the guy who took my order and packed it up said $7, then decided to finish with $7.50 - I'm not the arguing type especially since the amount is so small and he probably took me for a tourist - but that's just not cool.  The menu posted on yelp from just last month still had the $7 price tag.  I'm going back on Monday to pick up another bowl for my flight back to Vegas so I'll see if it's a different person and If they'll charge me the same.   In the meantime, I'm going to savory this bowl and look forward to my next one... I think I'll go with the ribs (my absolute favorite!) and some more bbq pork.
5 Love their customer service there. I didn't realize one of the waiter would recognize my boyfriend and I. He was like you guys haven't came in for a while, I was so surprised. The last time we came, the same waiter was trying to teach my boyfriend few Chinese words and what we do when someone pours you tea.
5 Been coming here most of my life.  Best BBQ Spare Ribs in town (highly recommended) among many other great offerings with affordable prices.
4 I don't live in the city but when I do end up spending the day or the weekend in the city, I always want to eat as much delicious food as I can and Big Wong is definitely one of them.   I first found out about Big Wong was many years ago through family. I remember getting their roast duck noodle soup and boy was I hook ever since. Big Wong food is very comforting and affordable. Some of my favorite dishes are the roast duck noodle soup, soy chicken, roast pork, and salted fish rice.  The service is fast and it is almost always busy inside but there are always available seats to sit in. If you want to try some delicious Cantonese food, I recommend this place.
3 It's gone through a thorough interior redesign. Way brighter and improved ambience. I got the charshiu fun + cabbage for $6 which I thought was a deal. The container looked pretty full but I  somehow still felt empty after polishing it off. I was looking for another meal less than 2 hours later. This shouldn't happen. So while the classic flavor was there, I'd recommend heading over to Wah Fung if you crave a more substantial portion for the same price and dont mind doing takeout as they have no in-house seating.
5 I consider this a landmark in Chinatown, one of the few restaurants that i have gone to since I was a kid (I am in my 30's). If you want some authentic NYC Chinatown restaurant this is it. I recommend the wonton noodle soup, steamed roast pork rice casserole and soy sauce chicken. They have a pretty good Cantonese style lobster dish that's amazing.
4 A Chinatown classic. Fast service. Get the chow fun. They make it the best (干炒牛河). Prices are not Chinatown cheap, but hey, everyone has to make a living.
3 Big Wong has been a classic Chinatown staple for decades and I've had them bookmarked for yearssss!  I finally made a trip there and honestly, I was a little disappointed. Maybe my expectations were a little too high?  Don't get me wrong, the food is good; it just wasn't great.  They serve classic Cantonese dishes; some better than others.  First and foremost, Big Wong is known for their roast meats, and this is where they really shine.  On this trip, we tried their roast duck and roast pork.  Both were fantastic - 4 Stars!  We dined in, so we didn't have the option of ordering the roast pork by weight.  We got one order for $8, and the serving size seemed to be a little less than half lb (but i could be wrong).  The roast duck is $16 for half duck. They were both delicious.  Our other menu choices: ~ dried shrimp rice crepes & diced beef rice crepes - both these dishes had potential but you can tell these were pre-made and were probably just reheated.  The crepes were very dense and lacked that smooth, light texture the crepes usually have. ~ Singapore chow mei fun - this dish was good but would have been great if they added enough sauce.  The lack of sauce made this dish very dry.  Too bad because this is usually one of my fave noodle dishes. ~ Pan fried noodles with shredded pork & pickled cabbage - while the previous dish lacked sauce, this noodle dish was swimming in sauce!  The extreme amount of sauce made the crispy pan fried noodles very soggy, so it defeats the purpose of having crispy noodles.  The dish had good flavor but the lack of crunch in this noodle dish made it disappointing.  Although I didn't love the dishes we ordered on this visit, I would return to try some of their other dishes; and definitely get their roast meats!
5 Comfort food with no frills. Like most places in Chinatown, expect to feel rushed and feel an energetic buzz from all the staff. The energy is all hectic but seriously all worthit given the delicious dishes. Congee is a must here and arguably as much of a highlight as their Peking Duck. The greens and char siu (pork bbq) are all mouthwatering. Seriously, this is the place to be at to feed your soul during a cold wintry day.
4 Best spot for good and cheap food. It might not be the cleanest place but the food is always consistent. Service is not always great but its quick.
4 Still the Best. Old School. This is the place for Roast Duck. Gets crowded with take outs around dinner time. Worth the wait..
5 This restaurant where my dad first found out about my mom's cravings for seafood congee when she was pregnant with me.   From that year to now, this restaurant has not changed that much. Every year we always go there and their food was so delicious!   This restaurant always been so busy, but their service is pretty fast which I'm very impressed. We don't have to wait on food that long.  However, the tables are very limited which is you have to come in early in time for lunch if you have the specific time. They do not take reservations since they are "come first and serve." These food are perfect for brunch which is my opinion. Everyone's different toward meal times.   You won't regret for trying their food because it is worth to go there even though it's packed. It doesn't take too long on waiting for tables though.
4 Pretty good Chinese spot for standard dishes. Very affordable prices - we got 3 dishes for 2 of us and were full.
4 This little restaurant has some of the best roast meats in Chinatown at reasonable prices. I dropped by to buy my parents some "oil" chicken and roast pork (char su). The chicken was moist and had good flavor. The char su was lean and slightly charred. There's not much to talk about in terms of decor and service. I don't think the interior has changed in over 30 years. The men at the counter are brisk and knows minimal amounts of English.  The food, however, is very good.
4 Big Wong is extremely affordable compared to other restaurants in such a tourist-heavy neighborhood. The wait can be pretty long sometimes but it's definitely worth it.   I've tried almost everything on the menu and it has always exceeded my expectations. My favorite is definitely the beef fried noodles. Keep in mind that the portions are huge, so one entree is enough for two.   The place isn't as clean as I would have liked but it does the job. I definitely recommend coming here for a tasty meal without breaking the bank!
4 I felt it was good value for the dollar. I ordered a pork chops with onions and gravy- big (and tender) serving of pork chops, and the gravy was good- it wasn't a standard brown sauce. Also had silver needle noodles- which were plump in the middle- the sauce is very light and you can barely taste it (which is normal- FYI). My friends ordered congee which was good, and roast pork which was dry and not good.
2 I'd say everything was average, except it was below average.  Went in for dinner and got seated immediately. The staff seem to be very efficient, they seat dining parties quickly, took my order quickly, and cleaned tables very quickly as well.  While dining, I got good amount of walk-ins for take-out orders, which was also dealt with in a very timely matter.   Move on to the food, I ordered the BBQ pork, chicken, and fried egg over rice.  It also arrived quickly, but the problem was that everything was cold, except for the steamy white rice.  The chicken was mostly bone and very little meat. For $7.50, it is definitely affordable and a no-drill kind of dinner.   I love Wah Fung, unfortunately it is only for take-out and the line is always long. I was in the mood to dine in, thus opted out for this place instead. Will definitely edit with better dine-in option for BBQ once I come across one!
4 Big Wong is always my go-to whenever I'm in Chinatown and want some quick Chinese food. I don't know how they do it. There was one time I went in and ordered a congee, sam bo fan, amoy rice noodles, and beef with tomato over rice, and I got all the food in less than ten minutes! Prices have gone up a bit, but it is 2019. And it's still cheap in general (all that goodnight mentioned was just $30). Plus, I feel like the quality and taste is still the same as it was ten years ago. With all the spots in Chinatown coming and going, I'm glad I still have one constant.
4 One of the spot where you can get ur quick lunch. Food is decent compares to it's price.
4 I did what not everyone would have done, come in to just grab a quick snack. A friend of mine recommended me to try their Sweet Fried Dough here and that's exactly what I did.  The place was packed, but if you go to the counter and tell him you want one, they'll go fetch one for you and exchange it for $1.50. They're pre-baked, but they're really good and for the price, it's a pretty darn good deal for the size.  Like most places in Chinatown, this place is cash only.
5 OMG I can't believe someone complained about 11 minutes "lost" on all you can drink drinks.. I think you may need to join AA.. I really enjoy the food here. The staff is always friendly and attentive. I run a food tour company and we always send guests here. Every person we've sent over the past 2 years always compliments the food. Go try this place for yourself you won't be disappointed!!!
3 Great food I've been twice so far and everything I've tried was amazing! My only complaint is I was rushed with the bill and pressed for a very specific $5 tip which was rude and I planned on tipping just not $5 as the waitress tried to demand. Plus she wasn't even waiting or table, a guy did, sis only brought the bill lol. Other than that I totally enjoy the place * I took videos of our plates for snapchat but I can't upload them here I'll definitely take proper pics on my next visit!*
4 Big Wong is my childhood, so I may be writing this with my nostalgia glasses on.  The interior is definitely old or aged. Big Wong might not be the place for you if you want something modern and clean. It's not the opposite, but it definitely looks like a business that has been around for a while. Be prepared to be seated with strangers if you do not fill up the whole table. The front of the restaurant is lined up with the roasted meats.   We ordered the char siu rice and stir-fried beef noodles. Service is fast and the food arrived almost immediately after we placed the order. The beef noodles had wok hay and was piping hot. The noodles were stir-fried well and did not clump to each other. The char siu is good, but was poorly cut. The slices were thick which made it harder to chew. The rice was good rice, but they poured too much soy sauce on it and it was way too salty.   Overall, I recommend Big Wong as a traditional Chinese restaurant and I highly recommend it if you're looking for a taste of history. If you do come, I recommend getting the fried dough stick with congee.
4 Chinese hospitality in a small glass of hot tea, a warm bowl of soup. The sounds of plastic dinnerware crashing into each other on a stainless steel cart. A waitress berating a customer for not being decisive about what she wants to eat. It feels awfully like home.  Honestly, I was a little taken aback by how good the duck was, given Big Wong's humble storefront. The skin of the duck was caramelized to a beautiful crisp. The meat was tender; each bite yielded a flooding of sweet jus from the plump animal. If this was served in a simply decorated room of Scandinavian aesthetics with the scent of frankincense wafting through the dining room, it would be getting more praise.  Minutes after this meal, I will come across a New York Times article describing how New Yorkers are now replacing turkey with store-bought roast duck in their Thanksgiving meals. And I get it. Because we have access to top notch roast duck like this in the city. Highly underrated.
5 There's no other place like BiG Wong. This place is a establishment of the highest order as far as cheap authentic Chinese eats. There's nothing better than having a bowl of congee with some fried cruller on a cold windy NYC day. Their menu also includes some delish roasted meats and noodles. Have some Hong Kong style lo mein, it'll give you a whole different view on noodles! The service is cordial but old school, this means no chit chat and just straight up to taking your order. The place is usually PACKED including to get take out.
2 It's not that good.   I am from Hong Kong.  I know Won ton noodles or soy sauce chicken.  The food lacked flavor and texture in general.  I came from SF thinking I would get better food here.  I was disappointed.  It is edible, but just not that good in my opinion.    Keep looking!
1 Horrible experience. Our waiter was so sarcastic to us that we just left. We informed the owner/manager and he didn't even care. Avoid this place.
4 I've probably walked by this restaurant more than a hundred times wondering what was drawing such large amounts of people inside. Well, I finally got the chance to go and discover why. The food is just as good as the reviews below say it is and most importantly, it's authentic AF.   My girlfriend and I walked in here on a Saturday around 2 in the afternoon. This is apparently one of the more well known Chinese restaurants in the neighborhood since it's constantly filled with locals and tourists alike. This was also confirmed the second after we walked in. Every table in the place was filled and there was a line of about 5 parties deep waiting to be seated. Regardless of this fact, we stuck with it and were able to be seated in about 10-15 minutes after arriving.  This is definitely a no frills restaurant that is more so trying to impress you with it's food rather than it's decor. If you're looking to enjoy your meal somewhere aesthetically pleasing I'd go elsewhere. However, if you're looking for a place that serves us some serious quality dishes, you've found the spot. When it came time to order we went with the salted pork and preserved egg congee with fried dough on the side, beef chow fun, and roast pork with soy sauce chicken over rice. Each dish was a hefty portion size. The congee was great, especially with pieces of the fried dough mixed in. The beef chow fun was especially tasty and filling. The roast pork with chicken dish was great but became AMAZING with the ginger scallion spread on top. These are all classic dishes that are sure to leave you satisfied.  The only thing I'd state about this place is that their restrooms could've been cleaner. When I made the trip downstairs to use it there were paper towels strewn across the floor and only one of the lights was working, making the entire room dark. To me cleanliness is just as important as the food and I know this place could do better.   If you're in Chinatown and looking for an authentic dining experience (the kind that all the locals are at) definitely come to Big Wong. Prices are good, service is fast, and the food is amazing. All in all it seems like it's always going to be a good choice.
3 If you're looking for classic Chinatown food and weird exotic meats this place is for you. If you want tasty food and are a vegetarian- do not come here. My boyfriend suggested this restaurant because they are known for their duck and he was craving it. I don't eat meat so I ordered a tofu (bean curd) and vegetable dish. My food was flavorless and drowned in oil. The tofu was good, but kind of cold and completely saturated in oil. The meats didn't even smell that good, so I'm not sure what the draw is.  You are given unlimited hot tea, which is actually really tasty and great for colder weather. You will be seated with other people at the same table. This is fine, but I don't know if the tables ever really get completely cleaned because of this.  Overall I would not come here again.
4 This is one of my favorite go to restaurants in Chinatown for a quick bite!! I've been visiting this establishment since I was a child back in the early 2000's and the quality of the food is still IMPECCABLE! While it is bombarded with tourists on the daily, the locals still make up the majority of the customers. They're known for their delicious meats hanging on the windows - the BBQ roast pork, soy sauce chicken, and duck! They also have amazing congees and noodle dishes for the low low. It's a decent sized restaurant for Chinatown, but since it's so packed all the time, you would often times have to share tables with other parties. Service is very fast - they try to get customers in and out as efficiently as possible. I arrived around 12pm on a Saturday, and was not surprised to see a bunch of people already waiting for seats. It was a quick wait - about 10 minutes to get seated. I ordered a bunch of dishes since it was my bf's first time here.   FOOD:  1. salted pork and preserved egg congee with some fried dough on the side 2. beef chow fun 3. roast pork + soy sauce chicken over rice dish.   All were some of my favorite dishes from this restaurant! The secret to eating congee is to order the fried dough on the side so you can rip small pieces and add it to your bowl. It adds so much more texture and flavor and is a delicious treat! The beef chow fun tastes amazing and is very well cooked!! They add this ginger scallion spread on the side for the roast pork and chicken and that is what COMPLETES the dish. It compliments the meat so well and gives it a nice kick. Overall this is a great place to stop by for a quick bite in Chinatown - prices are SO low that it's a steal!! Highly recommend to anyone in the area.
5 I grew up in Chinatown, and this is THE place to go for THE best BBQ pork over rice (cha siew fan). My parents and my grandparents (before they retired) came here every single day for lunch.   You must try to soy sauce chicken over rice and BBQ pork over rice.   The congee and noodles are incredible as well. This is one of those historic and legendary Chinatown restaurants that have been here since Chinatown existed.   You know their chicken is good because whenever it's a holiday, all the Chinese people buy their chickens and turkeys here :)
5 Beef tendon good, spicy sauce come w it good,wonton good   Would like to try something else for next time
3 Their roast duck is the best! Flavorful and crispy! Wonton soup was also good. I did not expect much dining here as I always do take out from them in the past. However, I didn't expect to be yelled at loudly in from of other diners. I went half way to the back and I wasn't sure is the bathroom in the back or downstairs. So I asked the younger man and there was an older man working next to him. The younger man said it's downstairs and I turned to make way there. The old man snapped and said "Read the sign!!!" and he said that in English. How bizarre and how rude! Yeah the sign was not in front of me, old man. I will never eat there ever again. He was also very cranky to a few other customers too. Still the restaurant was packed with locals. I think they are just so used to the rudeness that it is a norm for them.
4 Good, no frills Cantonese food.  This place has been a standard on Mott street ever since I was a kid, at least 30 years.  I love the twin lobsters in scallion and garlic sauce and the Singapore mai fun.  It's an expensive item on the menu, but well worth it for lobster!  I usually get them to go and eat at home.  Great for a stay at home date night.  They prepare food very fast, usually less than 10 mins.  Great if you are in a rush.
5 Amazing authentic Chinese food and the waiters are very kind! I didn't have cash my first time there and they were so nice to let me come back the next day to pay.
4 Nice duck soup . The meat was super tender and flavorful. The broth was amazing as well. My only complaint is that the noodles don't stick to the broth very well. They weren't very flavorful. Either way, it's pretty cheap and would recommend only the duck soup if you come here.
2 Very bland food, seafood not fresh (lobster was questionable).  Came as part of a party of ~15 - split between two tables in the back.  Not a good place for large parties.  Can see this as more of a local in and out place for people on the go since the food came out fast.  Not the cleanest.  Prices were very cheap.
5 What can I say? I love the food there! The duck is absolutely amazing. Yes, service is quick and they will seat you with some random people but you are there to eat, just eat. Cash only but super great food.
3 They have great food however they are in a bad place in Chinatown and please can you get a English speaking person ! Prices are good service ok
3 Soy source chicken is too salty for me. And the vegetable is not cleaned thoroughly...
4 Simple hole in the wall in Chinatown. Been going for years now when I go to NYC for work.
4 My regular place for congee. Must eat the congee right away without stirring it too much. The congee tastes much better when you eat it with the fried dough. Went to this place last Saturday night and had lobster with ginger and scallions, so good!!! We had the lobsters with bland fried rice with egg and some veggie. It was kind of fancy with lobsters yet it was simple just 3 things. Come visit big wong, it's famous in Chinatown.
4 Came here for my birthday.  Enjoyed the  lobster with ginger and scallions. Had the tofu with mixed vegetables also very good. Nothing fancy about this place but the food very delicious and the service was very good .
4 Rolling into Big Wong just before they close.   Still a few ducks left and always the major hot soup with what in the wontons I cannot be sure   Enjoying this place but the wonton soup has a quasi odd smell.  Not bad just strong scallion   Good reliable authentic Chinatown food here  Friendly service
5 Big Wong is the OG and the still the champ of roasted meats in Chinatown. Never had a bad anything here and the service is great. The roasted pork is by far the best around and can not go wrong ordering 2 servings of it. But do not skip out on the duck and the goose. Both are greasy goodness with a salty sauce on them. Don't forget to orders fried egg for the rice and make your meal even better
3 Big  Wong Restaurant   OVERALL: 6.2/10  Came here for breakfast, but who comes to a Chinese restaurant for breakfast.. . Me but anyways the place seemed pretty busy for a morning ... I just found myself a seat and sat down. Shortly after the waiter brought me tea and asked what I would like.   FOOD: 6.4/10  The food, I feel like it's old food. It wasn't fresh, and it being the morning that's pretty sad. That means they try to finish off whatever they had remaining. The fish fillet congee didn't have fresh fish. Very very mild taste.. .  The shrimp roll was not crunchy and appeared to be chewy - characteristic of chips when they get old.   SERVICE: 9.2/10  The waiter was nice, was able to keep up with many tables although it was busy.   CLEANLINESS: 7.2/10  It's alright .   ATMOSPHERE: 10/10  Regular authentic Chinese restaurant vibe.   #food  #chinese  #yelp  #review  #nofilter  #photography
4 Old reliable Chinese restaurant it's been around since the 70s they just expand it open in  Queens and Brooklyn.
4 Big Wong is a quick service Chinese restaurant that focuses just on the food. They have no frills at all. From decor, to ambience, (some would also argue cleanliness), everything is just the bare basics. Their saving grace however is the food (how it should be for restaurants). When I said this place was quick service, I mean I got my first dish in a minute-and-a-half! (I timed it). The food was also quick flavorful for something that must've been ready-made. The prices are also soooooo cheap, and the dishes nicely filling.  I'd recommend this restaurant if you don't mind the condition you'd be eating in. (I'd come back).
3 I usually like their congee pretty tasty but the price is going up.  A small congee is $3 and the larger is $4  I got the Peking pork chop today and was very disappointed. Taste like they slap something together. The sauce was too sweet, the pork had a lot of fat. It did not taste the way I last remembered. I should have stuck to their congee :(
4 This is now one of my go-to spots in Chinatown. Good plates at reasonable prices and you can tell that local Chinese diners love this place too
3 The duck was crispy, stir fry vegetables, pork fried rice, sweet and sour sauce, was good. Our orders came out so quickly. The tea was hot and plentiful. For a party of 7, our bill came just under $118! Not bad for the price...
5 For a hole in the wall quick eat spot. This is it. Affordable and fast. Food comes out in like 2-5 min. I ordered duck mein, and my friend ordered wonton noodles. And we got a app. Everything came in 10 min.  Friendly and helpful staff. I would recommend this place.   LIT
1 The roast pork tastes good but the chicken tastes bad, almost no meat. Besides, the waiters are rude, they ignored us twice.
5 This is my top choice of restaurant every time I visit chinatown. They food never disappoint me. Their wonton 牛什noodle soup is by far the best in NY. Their roast pork, chicken, and congee are amazing. Love love love.
3 This place is no frills kinda good, with an appropriate price tag for "no frills." I have never had a dish here that I didn't like; load everything up with their ginger sauce, and you'll be a happy camper.   The floor staff are sufficiently nice, but the managers/owners/assholes at the register/take-out area are always a rude/nasty mess. I typically order take-out, so I'm forced to deal with them.  If you dine in, try to tip your server on the DL, cuz the owners keep a portion of the tips for themselves.
5 Gotta give this place more than 5 stars. Yeah I don't speak the language but their smile speaks many language. The staff yes are busy but helpful. The food is just awesome. If you like Cantonese food well this is the jack pot! I been here so many times - I can't see myself eating at another restaurant when I am in this neighborhood. Yes it is always crowded because it is that popular but not over rated. I recommend this place any time.
1 Heard great things about this place but was very disappointed by the poor customer service and food. First, we ordered the roasted duck and beef ho fun noodles but the roasted duck was quite salty and the noodles were a bit bland. The place was pretty empty when we got there so we were served fast but the waiters were very rude to my husband (who's Dominican) especially when he had asked for more water. I also had trouble getting the attention of the waiters myself but felt extremely discriminated for my husband by these waiters. Biggest con of this place was the "service fee" of $8 inputted into the tab itself probably because they know they wouldn't get a tip for the poor customer service otherwise. Definitely will not be coming back!
2 Wow. I hadn't been here in a long time and I now remember why I stop coming here.  This place used to be so good. The barbecue meat for what they were famous is so tasteless it's sad, because this place was a Chinatown staple.
5 My daughter told me to go here and just have the excellent roast pork. She was not wrong. It's cooked perfectly, nice and meaty, very little fat. Yeah, the waiters aren't particularly chatty, but you go for the food, not small talk.  Then I tried the roast duck, very fatty and chewy, I was only able to eat about half of it.  Prices are very reasonable for the amount of food,  bustling place, I may go back for the pork and maybe try the Peking duck next time.  No, I didn't use the bathroom after all the comments about the greasy stairs and lack of cleanliness.  Surprised the health department hasn't told them to clean it up.  Visited several more times since my original review, upping to five stars for the amazing roast pork appetizer. Perfectly cooked, tasty, great quality, fat-free, ask for hot mustard for dipping, it really makes it even better.
4 Their food in general is great, but I caught them overcharging me twice, so do not be afraid to count your items and ask for price.  I know it's difficult when the place is packed and you're ordering a lot of items.  But if you don't want to be short changed : grab a menu, look up the price, add them up and COUNT the items.  This is what I do from now on.  BTW I was compensated without much arguing, so I hope it was just a genuine mistake.
4 This is one of my favorite restaurants in Chinatown. Their congee and duck/ pork over rice are amazing and their noodles are delicious and come in huge portions.   I got their roasted pork over rice ($6) and my friend got roasted pork and duck combination over rice ($7). If you like both roasted pork and duck, I would suggest paying $1 more and getting the combination dish because the amount of meat for the pork over rice was a bit underwhelming tbh.  Nevertheless, this place is awesome for serving very affordable, local, and delicious foods!
3 Yep, a hole-in-the-wall authentic Chinese restaurant in the heart of Chinatown. The food was good and inexpensive but definitely a no more than 3-stars rating. Typical, surly, Chinatown service, i.e., authentic and unpretentious. Was given hot tea instead of cold water, but was constantly refilled throughout the meal. Anyway, the restaurant was filled with locals which is always a great sign. However, as other reviewers have already commented, while Big Wong did displayed an "A" rating, the place can hardly be considered "clean." The floors are extremely slippery and going down the stairs to the restrooms will require one to take baby steps and to hang onto the railing for dear life. Restroom is atrocious BUT it did have soap and and a working hand dryer.  As for the food, not bad at all. Definitely home comfort dishes though some of the main staples were sold out when we went. We initially ordered the following: 1) Salt and Peppered Squid, 2) Pork Chops, Peking Style, 3) Beef with Chinese Broccoli, 4) Peking Duck Half, 5) Soy Sauce Whole Chicken. Unfortunately, after ordering, the waitress comes back and said they were all out of Peking Duck and Soy Sauce Chicken. The two main attractions of the dinner outing. WTH! It was 7pm dinner time and both were sold out already?!?!? Anyway, we had to substitutes those two dishes with Char Siu and Shrimp, Sichuan Style. Disappointing substitutions for sure when compared to the intended dishes. Amusingly, when I ordered the Shrimp, Sichuan Style for the table, the waitress looked at my dining companions and said to me in chinese, it's extremely spicy, are you sure the other three (White guys) can handle it. She kept insisting that it'll be too spicy for them. . .SMH!  It was not and the dish was enjoyed by all.  Thank goodness we all had cash as we had no idea it was cash only! This review is for a June 2019 visit.
5 I have gone here to have soup, and it was SO GOOD...and the soup was so flavorful, and huge!  And inexpensive, very good deal, for authentic Chinese, tasty food!  Also had the shrimp crepe - 2 for $5!  And it was very good.  It's packed in there, with plenty of locals and Chinese people--you know it's a good spot!  Will be going back.  Worth the trip to Chinatown for sure!
5 First time ever going to a restaurant down in Chinatown. I am very happy my guy found this place to take us.   He had been wanting to have duck, this was the right place to have the first try. It was cooked so well. Absolutely delicious! Also gotten was such tender chicken and wonderful pork. The whole meal was worth the money, and it wasn't even expensive!!!   This place is a go to!!  They also always made sure to fill my water glass up before it was finished! I will always appreciate a place with people who care.   Cash only!
4 A hidden gem if you ask me. Clearly the locals know about this and I only found out as took a business colleague to lunch.  She'd be there many times. The place is unassuming from the front, but folks keep piling in. You don't go to places like this for five-star customer service.  We were greeted with a hello and we ask to sit the back as it's much quieter.  Well it was a little quieter.  The place was packed.  I know a little about Chinese food; I'm still learning.  My lunch guest suggested we ordered the Congee.  It's like a rice porridge and you can have duck to beef added in.  It's filling, and I felt I need to lay down for three days after we ate.  I couldn't even eat it all.  The menu is huge so might be helpful to go with someone who is experience.    Soda comes in a can so heads up.    It's nothing fancy but the food is good and (per my lunch guest), fast, cheap, and consistent.  We were stuffed and got out for less than $20.  That's a good deal for NYC.  A word of warning: CASH ONLY.
5 Who cares about service. It's just an old-style cozy dark authentic cantonese deli plz. They deserve the privilege for not giving ppl Michelin 3 star service if not only for them serving the best roast duck in NYC, but also for them charging just 1.5 dollar today for a fried dough with a convinient location in Manhattan.
4 This place is right in the middle of Manhattan Chinatown. I took out roast pork, roast duck and soy sauce chicken. All three were really flavorful. Prices were very reasonable. Soy sauce chicken was my favorite. It had more flavors. It also had a condiment in it, which had good ginger flavor. Roast pork was my second most favorite and roast duck was the least favorite.
5 I just to leave here went I was young ,. Know I leave in orlando and I have to come here  and eat here  all the time I I'm in town food is amazing  best in Chinatown highly recommended!!
5 Tonight, I came here to grab roast duck and congee to go. It was around 7:30 pm and there wasn't a big crowd.  You know the place is good when you see all the customers are Asians.    This is my favorite place for congee and fried dough.  My parents have been gone for a month now and  I miss their home-cooking​.  I only know how to make​ Italian​ and American​ dishes.    The cashier laughed when I told him of my parents' absence and how much I miss their cooking.  He told me to come back often and they would feed me while they are gone​.    Then, the chefs laughed when they heard the cashier's invitation.
3 Sad that the portions are way smaller. I used to love the pan fried noodles but now they are 2/3 the size.  I don't mind if it's still the same taste but it has gotten bland. The soup noodles are still pretty good even if it's smaller in size and much pricier too. Would visit again if I want some noodles.
5 This restaurant is honestly a great spot for flavorful Chinese foods. The prices are affordable and the portions are big and super filling! I love coming for an early breakfast or brunch to get their congee, fried dough, steamed rice crepes and noodles. The food is definitely authentic and and the service is also quick! I love the traditional and homey vibes of Big Wong and yes, it is true that it doesn't feel like the cleanest place but the food is definitely great.
4 Big Wong is an original, have been coming here for over 30 years. Location is a bit on the outdated side. Service can be a little tough. But the food is great, quick and to the point. Local type of feel with speedy service. Try the Roast Pork as an Appetizer, the Young Chow Fried Rice and Lo Mein, Pork or Chicken are both great choices.
1 Order half roasted duck take out, they give a burned one,  all skin is black ,   They know this is not a decent piece to sell , but they still pack it for customer, will not comeback for anything again!
2 This is one of the few Chinatown restaurants that is open fairly early in the morning and serves a traditional Chinese breakfast. For under $3 you can get meat crepes, which are fairly tasty and you can use the bathrooms which are clean, but not great.   My one complaint is the service. I tried to pay with cash and the owner/cashier/waiter yelled at me for giving him $5.25 for a 2.55 check (sorry, I couldn't read the scrawl/handwriting), so he gave me back a quarter and insisted on another 25 cents. I asked him just to take it from the $5 and he acted like it was a huge inconvenience. But, Chinatown, people are rude.
4 Quick sit down! Everything was delicious. I really enjoyed their duck and lobster. Seasoned well and great prices. Did not have to wait long for a table for a busy restaurant.  I did sit at a big table with two random people but i have no complaint. It was great vibes.
4 The 3.5-star rating already on Yelp is spot-on and if I were able to give half-star ratings, I would rate the same. However, I'm bumping it up to a 4-star review because Big Wong feels like home. It's an authentic Cantonese restaurant, cash only and all.  The floors are slippery (actually proceed with caution when going downstairs to the bathroom, which is already not the cleanest), but the food is fast and delicious. I LOVE the congee here--it's my favorite dish here and food in general. However, if congee isn't your thing, I also love the wonton mein and the char siu. The food is reasonably priced and everything I've ever had here has been good. Then again, I don't usually order off the menu when I'm here with friends or when I'm with family, they know what to order and what's good.   I speak an extremely limited amount of Cantonese, but most of the servers understand English and somehow understand my very broken Chinglish. The servers are usually quite friendly (by Chinese standards) but don't always check up on you consistently, so don't be afraid to call for their attention.  Even if the place isn't very clean, the food is still good and cheap. Big Wong is one of the last relics of authentic Cantonese food in Chinatown. I hope it stays in business forever.
3 I see this a lot with the rising gentrification of neighborhoods. Restaurants cater to the natives of the neighborhood because old Chinese grandmothers will not let go of poor food quality and skimping on quality. But now that they're gone and replaced with young naive hipsters you can feed them feet shavings and they'll rave on yelp on the awesome Parmesan cheese topping.  So here we are. A once must-go-to restaurant has lost its luster and is now a tourist trap for all the Anthony Bourdain fans that flock here wanting to dine authentic Chinese cuisine only to order crab rangoons and chicken and broccoli with pork fried rice. The quality has went down cause the hipsters don't know any better. The quantity went down cause the hipsters think rice is such a staple that the more they give in place of the meat that it's an honor and tradition. The prices went up because if you're not paying attention or if you're not asking for a price breakdown they'll charge you a dollar more. Again you don't have Tiger grandmas keeping them in check. It's a sad day seeing this place fall to become a Disneyland like attraction for all the Casey Neistat wannabes who just moved into Chinatown, speaking mandarin to Cantonese speaking waiters thinking they're being culturally sensitive.
4 Bit expensive for a Chinese restaurant. Love the dried fish and chicken fried rice and roast duck. Service is mediocre.
3 Haven't been here before and figuring this is an OG Chinatown restaurant, I figured I'd give it a try.  Place isn't the cleanest and the service isn't the best, but the food and the prices are pretty decent.  Ordered a garlic chicken and rice dish, and shared the beef pan fried noodles. I liked both dishes. The garlic chicken and rice dish could be a meal in and of itself. The garlic flavor wasn't too strong, but was pretty flavorful. The pan fried noodles, also had a nice flavor and the crispy noodles were nice and crunchy.  As a side note, after we finishing paying the check, I had the change slammed down on the table. Didn't like that too much. I get this is an old school Chinatown restaurant, but hey guy we didn't pay the tip yet. Slamming the change down doesn't inspire one to tip well.
5 The place is unassuming, but they have awesome congee and Chinese BBQ. Speedy service and cordial servers. We are in NYC for 4 days and will be here at least twice. Always a line but the wait time is short to none.
4 We really liked Big Wong, and will continue to visit.   The portions are really large. One dish is likely to last 2 meals. On top of that everything that we tried was really good. I particularly liked the duck on noodles with pickled vegetables.   Prices were very fair.
4 I've been coming to this restaurant for more than 25 years. Whenever I'm In Chinatown I always stop by here for breakfast and or lunch. The congee is very good I also enjoy the char sui or spare ribs both are very tasty. Overall the decor is dated it looks the same back when I came here as a child. If you are ever in the area and wanna grab a good quick bite to eat give this place a try.
2 Not the best, should have kept walking. Taste was awful. We ordered congee, maybe they were having an off day? Not sure how you can mess up such a basic dish...
2 I went here because of my friend recommendation. I ordered there Salt and Peppered Pork Chop but first what made me gave this bad review is the cleanliness.... The waitress started off by giving me hot tea.... As I was sipping on that hot tea, I notices on the other side of the cup had pink lips stick mark... That alone made me want to hurl... Anyways, I tried to ignore what happen and waited for my food to arrive. Once the food arrived, it was decent but I wish the pork chop was more crispy. I won't be coming back here.
3 This place use to be my go to spot for Cantonese roasted meats but the quality has gone down and the prices have gone up. I get that gentrification is putting pressure on these long standing businesses but the portions have gotten so small that I'm still hungry after slurping the last bits of noodle from the bottom of the bowl. I wish I had pictures of the portions from back in the day to show a side by side comparison but smartphones weren't invented back then. It's just hard to quit this place cause it brings back such good memories from my childhood.
5 the best wonton noodle soup ever so hot and fresh and clean and delicious!! the roast pork over rice is sublime, it's such a fun authentic experience especially when sitting at a community table, the service is ny gruff and not for the faint of heart but is part of the appeal - dont forget to pick up a sweet bread on the way out after paying its like a donut but better!
5 Big Wong reminds me of home. Traditional cantonese dishes at a good price is what I strive to find in every city. The floor is slippery, food is greasy, and the service is biased-ly nice. I LOVE!  They treat you better if you speak to them in Cantonese. All the non-chinese who do not know how to read the menu are getting ripped off!! A 'chow mein' is the same price as a 'beef chow fun'. A beef chow fun has more toppings and flavor & is 10x better than the regular chow mein but tourists tend to order the worse version.   They also have cheap congee and roast duck/char-siu type of stuff. I came here with my dad and sister. We ordered 4 different things and the total was less than $30.
5 Dont be afraid of the B grade on the door, this place is absolute FIRE. The food is so comforting, delicious, and CHEAP. Pictured is the roster pork and duck combo over rice. $7 for SO MUCH FOOD. Perfectly roasted and crispy. My friend, who grew up around here got the salt and pepper pork and that was also so good, getting that next time. I'd eat here every day of the week it's so good and cant recommend this place enough.
5 This is a staple of NYC Chinatown. So my first thing is for all tourist and out of towners and non Asians coming to a place like this...FUCK OFF.   THIS IS AS AUTHENTIC AS YOU CAN GET.   I've been fucking with this place since a child and I won't stop. Even after they changed owners they have kept the same recipe. So don't come in here talking about it being weird sitting with strangers or that the floor is oily and greasy. Cause you coming in here and getting fed delicious food for a great price.   Also on top of that, hands down got some of the best wontons in the city. Their Char-Siu is still a classic staple of Chinese food.   Don't you dare compare this to regular Chinese take out. Know the difference. Appreciate this place.
5 The food and service doesn't disappoint. I had the congee and wonton noodles, both very good.
3 Food is consistently good all these years but nothing special. They open 7am so great place for morning congee. Cool dive
2 Went with some friends to celebrate the Lunar New Year and they were out of practically everything. They didn't have the crepes, scallion pancakes, or any duck. When we were done and tried getting their attention for to-go boxes and the check, we got some pretty nasty looks and poor service. I'm not sure if it was just a long day with everyone wanting to celebrate the Lunar New Year, but I definitely won't be going back.
5 If you love noodles and authentic Chinese food, this is the place for you. I love the beef chow fun and cheong fun. This is my favorite place in Chinatown. I have been going there my whole life, my parents went there on dates before I was born. This place is still open for a good reason. Must try! Plus it's next to Little Italy. After you eat here, you can walk over to Ferrara's and get some dessert.
4 For the food, it was really 3 star food. Authentic but the BBQ pork was too dry. The place was not too crowded but the waiters were always too busy. However, for the price range, you really can't complain too much.
1 Standing in a long line for ordering takeout, one of the employees let someone not in line to make an order.  I pointed this out and was told it is ok because she was a relative. Other customers were not happy and made a scene. The owner said it was not wrong to let someone jump the line. I will not be going back to this place again.
4 You have to try their lobster two way for $35. Its posted on their window for a reason. The lobster is tender, flavorful and a steal.  Also recommend: roast duck, soy sauce chicken, congee
4 大旺 has been on my list for Chinese bbq Hong Kong style. Everything was delicious. We ordered a few favorites and traditionals.  The flat rice noodles were pretty good, as were the roast pork and duck. There really wasn't anything we didn't like. Restrooms were decent. And there was no wait! On a Saturday afternoon.  Servers were friendly and fast. They speak some English just Incase you don't speak Cantonese.   Restaurant is bigger than most in NY. And they have big tables Incase you have a larger group. Prices aren't too bad most of the dishes start at $10.  Would definitely come back. Great experience.
4 Big Wong is quintessentially unique for serving Cantonese Chinese food. It's not the cleanest, the nicest, the most advanced or serves the visually appealing versions you might get elsewhere. But it is the preferred stop for authenticity. I almost always end up getting the 1000 year congee. Feel free to explore the really large menu and bring cash.
1 Looks like management team has changed since my last visit 2 years a ago. We came to this restaurant repeatedly every time we are in NYC. But our experience yesterday was very bad and we don't plan to be back anymore.  Food and services are very bad. The roast duck was fatty beyond belief and quality of the beef kuay Teow was oily. Provided feedback on the food and got a blank stare back.  Total bill was $24.00+ and they asked for cash. We gave $30 and waiter right away asked if we wanted the change back!
5 Love this place. Went here since I was a kid. The place hasn't changed much. Food is still one of the best places to eat all around. Also the guy working at the front now look like Leung Ka Fai!
4 I have fond memories of Big Wong since it always satisfies my craving for Cantonese food at any time of the year. On NYE, what else would be open?  My experience was authentically Canto from food to service:  Beef Chow Fun - killer classic, especially with their chili oil. Ask for some to-go and put it on everything Char Siu Pork - not overly fatty or meaty. Wish it came out hot :/ Walnut Shrimp - perfectly breaded but overwhelmingly drenched in sauce. Good thing there was broccoli to offset this guilty pleasure  Servers won't come up to check up consistently so don't be afraid to flag them down or you'll end up spending 5 minutes rigorously trying to make eye contact with one. This place is CASH ONLY so come prepared for the real Canto food experience!
1 HORRIBLE!!!   Horrible staff just ok food. Embiance like a slum basement.   Waiter cursed at us (mother f_cker) after he got the order wrong.  Manager made believe he did not understand English and tried to overcharge us.  Nobody smiles and the loudspeaker barking takeout orders to the kitchen will give you a headache before the food arrives. Stay away.
1 Horrible staff just ok food. Embiance like a slum basement.   Waiter cursed at us (mother f_cker) after he got the order wrong.  Manager made believe he did not understand English and tried to overcharge us.  Nobody smiles and the loudspeaker barking takeout orders to the kitchen will give you a headache before the food arrives. Stay away.
2 I have been eating here for over 20 years. for the past two years, portions have shrunk and prices have risen too high. there is a lot more competition  around and no need to come here regularly. the duck is good but the noodle quality and the portions dont justify the price increases anymore
5 My coworker who used to live in the area recommended this spot for lunch. No frills, fast service and very tasty food especially for the price. I recommend the congee with white fish, roast duck, wonton soup and the pan fried noodles! We had chicken with the pan fried noodles but I think we should've ordered the seafood one. The congee really hit the spot on such a cold day! This was plenty of food for 4 people and was pretty cheap. Will definitely be back here again!
5 The food was absolutely amazing! Had the roast duck and pork plate which were both really well cooked and not dry. Had the seafood pan fried noodles. It was so good I ordered another just to take home! The server recommend the Chinese beef and it was really great too! I've lived in NYC for 7 years and this was easily the best Chinese food I've had here.
3 This place is my go to for a quick fix. However whenever I order to go, the kitchen somehow did not get the order. I waited 20 min for 2 orders today. Don't expect an apology as they don't feel the need to.  So lesson learned is don't order any kitchen items to go.
5 Oddly enough the Chinese lady working at the Italian bakery in Little Italy recommended this place to us. It was good! Everything you'd expect from a hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. We didn't care for the ambience or the lack of communication but the food was authentic and definitely worth the trip. We had wonton noodles, congee, duck, and egg noodles -- all the staples. Food was affordable, but keep in mind, cash only. This is where the locals go. Small and crowded, but worth it.
5 This is old school Chinatown.  I have never been a fan of this place because there were so many other places that served good old style Cantonese food, the McDonalds of the old generation.  Out of necessity, this establishment has become venerable.  Very few restaurants exist that serve this kind of food and this is one of the few surviving relics dishing out old favorites that remind me of childhood with a side of attitude.  Congee with thousand year old egg and salted pork, roast pork, strips of dough wrapped in rice crepes, the sweeter version, and others.  All favorites of a generation that is barely holding on by a rice noodle that has been stretched precariously thin because a new generation seems not to revere or just appreciate what made Chinatown the mythic destination it was in decades past.  I am a fan now.  As I eat at this restaurant, I know I have had better of so many of these dishes.  But, they are good and satisfying.  I wonder how much longer it can hold back the newer generation.  The march of time is persistent and never ending.  There will come a day (and the only question is when it will happen) when this venerable establishment will not longer exist, and that is when Chinatown will have lost its epicurian heart and soul, and perhaps more.  However, Big Wong is here and remains a foundational mainstay of a culinary scene of old school Chinatown.  Do not worry about the attitude, the un-updated decor, the grit.... those are all and everything that the forefathers (and mothers) of a past generation poured into this neighborhood to make Chinatown what it is today.
4 Our Chinese Uber driver recommended this place and the ginger lobster dish. So, we figured, why not? Ginger lobster sounds like fun! It turns out you can get two lobsters, stir fried in ginger and scallion, for like $35.   It was fun to try this dish, although it's a little bit messy since you need to pick up chunks of lobster and work on getting the meat out of the shell. Still, we enjoyed this unique meal but it was not over-the-top with seasoning, focused mostly on the lobster itself.   The service was typical china town meaning not particularly friendly. But, they got the job done and brought us the check when asked.   Important reminder... bring cash because that's the only way you can pay!
1 It is the most terrible experience you would ever have. No mention of the food, the attitude of the owner (I guess so according to his attitude) was so annoying!!! We had no cash and the ATM cannot work, we had no choice but to use online transfer. And I do not know why this guy showed such disrespect to us and yielded to us in the bad manner. He literally destroyed my every worthy memory of NYC.
1 I had one bite of the duck and didn't go for it again. Roast pork was mediocre, the fresh shrimp crepes were good, and so were the shrimp wontons.   I'm ok with the bad service, I really am. I'm used to it. But this was another level. In addition, I ended up leaving 35% tip because the waiter didn't give me my change back (after saying something to me in Chinese). And the front cashier lady yelled at me for asking for the check up at the front (after waiting for a server).   Not returning for mediocre food and service. There are other options in Chinatown.
5 Literally the best Chinese food in New York.  No nonsense service that gets your food to you before you can think to blink, the dishes are delicious, made in-house and cheap as hell. Lately, there have been more and more tourists walking in, but if you know your way around you can easily push to the front and signal "your guy" to give you seats -- it's a rough world out there, gotta get what you can get!   A hidden gem that is already too popular, I'm even hesitant to talk about it here on Yelp -- don't spoil it for me!
4 I've been coming to Big Wong for years especially when I used to live in Chinatown.  It's my go-to place for cheap, fast Cantonese food.  It's a casual place where you order, eat, and leave.  This is definitely a no frills place where service is fast and brusque.  Don't expect very clean tables and bathrooms either.  It's just easier to leave the tip on the table and pay the check at the register in the front entrance when you leave.  My favorite dish is the roast pork, chicken, and egg over rice (3 treasure dish in Chinese).  They also have good congee, noodles, and lobster with ginger & scallions.  The portions are large and the prices are cheap.  FYI - it's cash only just like the rest of Chinatown.
5 This place is great, don't get the low reviews. The place is no frills for sure, but in my opinion you won't find a better roast pork or chicken in Manhattan Chinatown. If you are looking for a classic Chinatown place, simple, affordable and great food I recommend this place.
4 You might think that you can't find bad chinese food in china town, but you most certainly can, just not at Big Wong, based on my experience.  I kept it simple and went with the roast pork, wonton and noodle soup; it was straight-forward but a decent choice if you want something light.  Big Wong was recommended by a local, and it is worth checking out if you are looking for good food at a reasonable price.  I will be back, likely to try the roast duck which seemed like a popular choice.
2 Mediocre. Went like 3 years ago and wanted to guve another try but it is really meh meh. Ordered for lunch duck rice, roasted pork rice roll and veggies. Cost was $20. Veggies were $11, rolls $2.5 or so. I mean, for the price you pay you can actually go elsewhere. Veggies were good, but not outstanding and it is in all Chinatown restaurants. Duck rice... there is a vunch of rice with fee pieces of duck, where 3 pieces are with meat. The rest are bones and skin. Rice roll: worst one I've ever had. Couldn't find the pork and it came really cold. Don't understand why there are people saying that it is the best duck in Chinatown. Not going to come back. Oh! They accomodated my stroller. Staff, so so.
3 Ive ate here many times as a kid and young adult. The food use to be tastier. This place has slowly lost their flavors. The food is more bland. Overall I would just get take out since you will be sitting with strangers if you sit to eat.
1 Myself and son visited there in September, we were over looked for seating. When is time to order we were also overlooked. I watch others came in and was attended to before us. I put my hands up ready to order, they ignored, until a Caucasian brother was watching noticed. He then had to call out to them, say my friends here is trying to order, then is when I was attended to. These people are racist and don't respect us...I wanted to leave but was too hungry... Thank you stranger for stepping in..  I'm Black South American
5 Consistently amazing food. I've been going here for years and there is still fast service and delicious food. I recommend the shrimp crepes. The BEST restaurant in Chinatown for sure!
4 Old school Chinese bbq joint.  Had the white chicken and Char Siu rice plate  which came with ginger scallion sauce.  No frills, cash only but hit the spot on a cool evening.  I was dining alone and they sat me in a four seater table and did not rush me.  I know reviews are mixed but if you are like me and crave your mom and dad's cooking from many years ago, this brings back memories.  Works for me.
4 Generous portion of cha siu ( roasted pig ) and roasted duck, definitely add peanuts and onion on them and pair with white rice. As a local Hong Konger , i genuinely approve this restaurant.
4 This place is located on Mott between Bayard and canal. Food here is decently cheap and taste pretty good. It can get super crowded at times so come during off peak hours. During lunch time on a weekend you got massive people in the front trying place their orders. If you just try and wait in line hoping to place your order you'll just find people coming in after you cutting to the front and ordering. So you got to play the game as well. Just walk in and go to the front and tell them what you want.  We usually get the pork meatball congee. A large quart size is 5 bucks so that's pretty good. Me and my wife will share that and get something else. The congee here is pretty good. I like it how it's pretty flavorful and they put ginger and scallions in there. Service is pretty quick given how busy they are. Can pretty much get your food within 5 min. I think they only accept cash so make sure to bring some before you come.  I also heard they changed management like a year or so ago. Before I see that dude with long white hair, the same one with all the photos on the wall, now I don't see him anymore. Even tho I heard quality has gone down, I still frequent this place because of the inexpensive food, fast service and decent tasting food.
2 I had brunch here, and the wait was a good 30 mins. I ordered the beef brisket noodle soup, it was too salty for me to enjoy. I also ordered a beef and shrimp rice crepe roll,  which were pretty good. The food here is generous and cheap, but the wait plus the saltiness was a turn off. There are so many similar places in Ctown with no wait and food I enjoy, I won't be back to this one.  Happy Yelping.
2 I was in Chinatown running errands with my family and we decided to revisit Big Wong; one of the remaining bastions of quick-bite Cantonese food from historic NYC Chinatown.  Ambiance and decor is rustic (to say the least) and reflective of old-school Chinatown, so in other words, a bit divey.  Onto the food:  For sharing we ordered several dishes.  The fried cruller wrapped in rice noodle rolls were very good. The rice noodle skin was smooth and not too thick, and the cruller was still crisp and not too oily. The sweet soy sauce drizzled on top was the perfect compliment.  We all shared a beef chow fun which was average. Flavor was solid with a good balance of salty soy sauce flavor and well seasoned slices of beef flank steak. The properly thick and wide noodles also absorbed much of the aforementioned flavors. My major gripe was the lack of the much sought after caramelization on the noodles from high temperature wok cooking.  Mom and my sister shared a stir fried chicken noodle dish which they said was also pedestrian. The egg noodles were nicely crisp, along with the fresh sprouts, but they found the chicken bland, and the gravy too thick and a bit salty.  My father had the wonton & noodle soup which he did not enjoy.  His noted negatives were wontons with a dense meat filling and thick doughy skin. He did say that the egg noodles and soup broth were pretty decent.  I chose the venerable three meat dish consisting of BBQ pork, steamed chicken with a ginger scallion sauce, roast duck, and a fried egg.  The BBQ pork was lean and tough, and this negative translated to the bland flavor, which matched it's muted red color too.  I enjoyed the steamed chicken which had a sweet flavor and tender meat, and the traditional ginger scallion sauce was properly herbaceous, as many versions tend to be too oily and salty.  The roast duck was not good at all, as the pieces plated were mostly cuts from the ribcage with a scant layer of meat and covered with a not so crispy (i.e. limp) duck skin. The only decent part was the flavor of the seasoning.  Finally, to satisfy the roast duck cravings, we ordered a side roast duck platter which thankfully had much meatier pieces and also the same good flavor.  However, the duck's skin, again was still not that crisp.  Big Wong was a bit of a letdown, but considering the low price scale, it wasn't too bad of an experience.
5 I love the food here. The price is reasonable and the food taste great. I've been eating since I was really young. It is a fast paced environment and I love how fast you would get the food. All the employees there are really friendly. I appreciate that in Chinatown because some people can get very rude and give you bad attitude for nothing. I would recommend taking my friends here.
3 A Chinatown institution, Big Wong has been around forever. And with the recent closure of Wing Wong, it's one of the last old school roast meat noodle shops still standing on Mott St. The basics are solid- the juicy wonton noodle soups and roast pork, duck and chicken will hit the spot. Delicate rice crepes are freshly and authentically made. Their chow mein also don't skimp on the meat and veggies. That said, their prices aren't what they used to be. $6.50 for a wonton soup with 5 measly wontons? $3.50 for 3 tiny shrimp crepes (with a total of 5 little shrimps)? $12 for a chicken chow mein? The chow mein was also disappointingly not crispy- while it was served piping hot with plenty of chicken and gai lan, the noodles were drowning in sauce and had lost all of their crispiness. The service is surprisingly pretty decent here- but who really cares? You don't come to any of these Chinatown establishments for the service- just give me my old school favs at the old school prices!
4 After I went to this place and venmo paid my friend with the description "thanks for big wong", I realized how silly the restaurant's name was. Anyway, the food is pretty good considering how cheap and authentic it feels. I was slipping and sliding all over the place with the oily floors, but it adds to that "authenticity". The egg noodles were great, the chicken and rice dish was excellent, and I would say you cannot go wrong with a meal for two for under $20! It pays to know mandarin, or canto, or both here.
4 Wonderful Chinese roast duck and roast pork!!! Can't never be disappointed with this place !!! Great food !!! But the place is kind of crappy ! Would need a makeover !!! Otherwise, if you don't care about the decor, the food is pretty good !!!
5 You mean I can get a piping hot, delicious bowl of congee for $4.75? Sign me up! My favorite is the thousand-year old egg and salted pork congee. It's so savory and salty, which is perfect to warm you up on a chilly day. My mom likes the combo congee with beef, pork, and squid ($5). For the full indulgence, order some of their enormous fried donuts ($3), which have just a hint of sweetness.  Big Wong serves up a variety of authentic dishes. Looking around, many people seem to go for the rice plates with barbecued meat or their noodle soups. But my family and I have long known this place as our congee spot, where we stop to fuel up whenever we visit NYC.  Cash only, but there's an ATM on site.
4 Super affordable food with great portion sizes. Not the cleanest restaurant but that's okay given how flavorful and tasty the food is. Bottles of beer are cheap - $3.50 each. Ordered the roast duck soup dumplings, two bowls of wonton, pan fried noodles with charsiu, mapo tofu and vegetables all for a total of $50. What a steal!   To note, the waiters aren't 100% attentive and you might have to occasionally serve yourself. We weren't given menus when we first sat down and actually had to get up and get the menus ourselves. Once we were ready to order, we also had to chase down a waiter.   I think when you come into restaurants in Chinatown, your expectations of customer service are quite low but the quality and taste of the food makes up for it!  IG: @twomorebites
5 A small, packed restaurant with good prices and food. Lots of families here and some meals not usually found - beef with bitter Mellon is hard to find and was well balanced.
5 A staple in the Chinatown area. Their roast meats with rice/noodles are what I always come here for. This place never disappoints!!
5 bang 4 your buck. Food is very very good. Absolutely obsessed with the Chinese donut wrapped in the rice paper type thing. Duck was really fatty--just the way I LIKE IT.  5/5 food 5/5 price
4 THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD. The roast duck is yummy and they're generous with the sauce  ginger and scallion lobsters are so good, and 2 for $35 it's the best deal ever. Waiters are friendly and service is very efficient. Came on a Friday night and it was packed - had to share a table with others. Food came out super fast.
5 You're getting mixed signals from the recent reviews right? Some say it's still the best, others say it's gone downhill. My recent visit was just as good as years past and I still give 5 stars to this NY institution. If you're looking for real-deal Chinatown chow, you found it.   Delicious Cantonese dishes, served fast and cheap. My go to is always the *wanton mein with barbecue pork* (see photo). Hot noodle soup with wanton dumplings, piled on with roasted pork. Amazing.   You have to know what you're getting into. This is not a fancy place, at all. It's an authentic place, and authenticity means it's gonna be a little grimy. It's got a "B" rating from the health inspector. B is for "best"--you're gonna be fine. Everyone is commenting that the bathrooms aren't clean. Dude, seriously? It's Chinatown! It's Manhattan! Just don't use the bathroom.   I was so excited to come back here. My wife was freaking out about the yelp reviews that said it wasn't clean. She caved, we went, and it was her favorite meal of the trip. BIIIIIG WOOOONG!!!!
4 Awesome place for a quick place to eat. Staffs are not that friendly because they just want to turn the tables faster. Food always consistent. Love their char siu with soup noodles. Little expensive but is good
2 I've been coming to Big Wong since I was five years old. The prices have grown, food portions have shrunk, and it's just not that good anymore. I can no longer justify coming here for mediocre food, not when there are better choices just down the block.   And omg, after so many years, they still have the most disgusting bathroom in nyc. It's hard to believe this is the same place that was my favorite for so long, thanks for the memories.
2 Tastes alright to me. Price is good. Bathroom isn't that clean, but what do you expect from a Chinese restaurant in NY Chinatown? I was going to rate 3 stars, but cash only brings it down to 2. The food taste salty only but bit flavorful. Wonton soup is good, the ribs were dry, the roast duck were not tasty enough or burnt enough to my liking. The shrimp crepes were too thick. Also, they barely speak any English. Probably not coming back, I'll try something else next time
4 One of the few places I can sit down & have a nice breakfast for congee, beef rice roll, & coffee.
5 It's been a while since I have been here for a meal.But the Hot Rice dishes are fantastic. You get a plate of hot rice with your choice of cold white meat chicken, roast duck, or roast pork with a fried egg on top , and the ginger scallion sauce. It's a very good dish and not that expensive Also if they still have it on the menu try the Soy Sauce Pan Fried Noodles to have with the Hot Rice dishes.
5 Very reliably straightforward Cantonese food. Literally come here if you're just looking for a normal Cantonese meal. It has all the traditional dishes you're probably looking for while still being cheap enough to not spend a fortune. This is one of my top Cantonese comfort food places in NYC. Have I ever been extremely impressed by the food here? No. But what matters most is that I've never been disappointed.
4 Went here with my wife. I had heard the ribs were spectacular. They were good, but certainly not spectacular.   I'd go back. We split a two lobster ginger platter. Not my plan, but it was good.
4 The food is unbeatable...best Chinese food in Chinatown.  Knocking one star out due to long wait and sometimes dirty tables and floor...however that won't deter me from going.  Cash only.
3 This place had okay and very cheap food, chicken with bean sauce and beef with noodles.  This place was soooo dirty.  Bathrooms in the basement.  Needs a good scrubbing!
5 Cash basis only. I arrived New York too early, and decided to find some Chinese breakfast or any breakfast at all. New York City is a city where most people sleep in and it's rare to find any restaurant that's open at all. Through Yelp, I was able to find this precious restaurant that I would surely be coming back for more. Friendly and fast service. The waiter's very nice. There's also a atm inside so you can get cash from your debit card. Food was wonderful and tasted authentic. I feel like I'm in China again as the ambiance was that of China, Chinese waiters and great real authentic food! Price is great too!
1 The food was ok but when you find a bug (see pic, the antennae and legs were clearer by eye though) at the end of your plate and the waiter and the manager says it's a 'black bean', you better not go there. I notified the waiter and he only cared about me requesting a refund (I did not). No apologies. Disgusting place
3 Came here a couple of times. I usually order roast duck noodle and wonton soup. The noodle was ok but the duck was pretty good.  The wonton soup taste alright.  Usually there a line to eat here.
2 To Whom It May Concern,  Although your food is good, you kill yourself with deceptive websit pricing since it is a 32% percent increase in prices.  I do not object to your rise in prices, but please update your website to conform with your actual menu at the restaurant, as the price differential is 32%.  VTY Concern Customer.
4 Overview: My favorite casual Cantonese restaurant in Manhattan. And a great place for unknowing individuals to be introduced to authentic Chinese food.   What to order: - Roast pork (char siu). This is my second favorite rendition of this delicious meat in Manhattan. Get a side order. - Wonton noodle soup. If you've never had authentic Cantonese pork and shrimp wontons, your going to smile. You can order the soup with roast pork or other meats on top. - Young Chow fried rice. Made with white rice shrimps, pork, and egg. Friggin delicious.  - Twin ginger and scallion lobster special. Not on the menu, have to ask for it. - Peking style pork chops. Melt in your mouth tender. Crazy good. - Salt and pepper triple delight. Shrimps, calamari, and scallops. A fried salty indulgence. - Choy sum with oyster sauce. Italians will notice this tastes a lot like broccoli rabe.  - Spicy beef chow fun. Holy macaroni ! Delicious wok flavor.   Decor: Old looking. Wood tables. Crappy bathrooms. Ignore it.  Service: Competent friendly waiters. Food comes out surprisingly fast.  Parting thoughts: Go eat there today
4 It's like everyone says, a hole in the wall with mediocre service and scary bathrooms.  But for comforting Cantonese it can't be beat.  Wonton soup was wonderful, as was the seafood pan fried noodles - the kind where the noodles start off crunchy until they soften in the sauce, with fish balls, chewy squid, fake crab and shrimp - divine!!!  Cheap and BYOB to boot.
5 The appetizers are the best! Try the soy sauce chicken, white meat, and roast pork, very addictive!
5 Asians can eat lunch and dinner for breakfast. They open at 7! I saw mounds of oil sticks (chinese donuts) and huge bowls of congee served. I opted for Singapore mei fun, a rice noodle dish with curry flavors. Big Wong added some sweet pickled cabbage that changes up the savory flavors. The bathrooms are located downstairs, careful walking down stairs are slippery.
4 If you are around Chinatown and want good and cheap Cantonese food, I would highly recommend Big Wong. If you want good service this is probably not the right place to go. But if you want quick, good and cheap food then this is the right place for you. I would recommend all the bbq meats (ribs, pork) and the duck, they're all really good. I would also recommend the wonton soup, and congee if you want something small.
3 Good and cheap. We tried a few things on a rainy Saturday. 3 people full with no leftovers for 35ish dollars :).  Wonton soup - We really enjoyed this. The broth was delicious. Plenty of pork wontons too! Shrimp in rice noodle- 3 per order. The rice noodle was too thick. Not worth getting. I love them at dim sum places! Egg rolls- Big and tasty. The crunch was perfect and they didn't taste greasy.  General Gau's chicken- My friend mentioned that the last time she visited the chicken was much crunchier. It was okay this time but I wouldn't get it again.  Beef with black bean sauce - Good. Nice portion and plenty of meat.  There was bbq pork coming out every few minutes for the front of the restaurant. Looked amazing. I'll have to come back to try it because we didn't order it this time around!
5 After massage session, we stopped by big wing. Ordered Half duck, soy chicken rice plate and Seafood congee.  Perfect food a d quick service.
3 I remember the old time when Big Wong and Mott Street were synonymous to Chinatown, and we used to visit Big Wong whenever my parents made the hour long trips from NJ to get Asian groceries. Time has passed and Big Wong is still around. However, maybe my childhood memory didn't serve me right, I was really disappointed on this recent visit.  We were passing by on our way to Queens and decided to do some takeouts from Big Wong.  After all, it doesn't make much sense to pay $3.50 street parking (if you're lucky to find a spot) for a $6.75 meal at a place not known for it services.   A few people were at the counter to either order takeouts or pay bills. It didn't take long to get my turn.  I made my order:  #56 Roast Pork with Duck w/ Duck Combo $6.75 #79 Beef Pan Fried Noodle $10.50  So far so good, until I added one more order of Roast Pork with Duck - they made an error and gave me chicken instead of duck.  Now the food was definitely sub-par compared to the new competitions that I've grown accustomed to over the years.  The roast pork with duck combo at Wah-Fung is a lot more flavorful, 75 cents cheaper, and comes with cabbage.    The gravy for the pan fried noodle wasn't thick thick but soupy, and the beef was over tenderized and lacking texture. I could not taste the difference between the gravy and the beef; I actually didn't realize I ate a couple pieces beef after downing a few bites of noodle!  This is a thing of the past. I won't be coming back.
1 This is probably my worst dining experience in NY. Terrible food and service. I have never tried Peking Duck like this.
4 Please don't expect great service here. It's authentic Chinese food that's cheap, fast and delicious.  Wonton mein (noodles) $6. Get a plate of char siu (bbq pork) for the table.
1 Ordered the wonton roast duck soup fun.  The duck was good, but the soup base was bland.  Waiter was rule.  He snapped at another customer to move her stuff from her chair.  Who does that?
5 I don't understand why this restaurant is only rated at 3.5/5 on Yelp but this is really the one and only place I would come for duck! I have been to many canton places in Chinatown Manhattan but this is the best.
2 Service is awful. I had to actually get up and find a waiter to take our order after sitting and trying to flag one down for 20 minutes  The food came fast and was really good. My big mistake however was not going to the rest room before we ordered. It's down a dirty stairwell  When i reached about the fifth step from the bottom i could start to smell stale urine. The bathrooms stunk and were filthy. I'm of the belief that a dirty restroom is indicative of a dirty kitchen   Like i said the food was really good but I'll never go back again
1 Service is disgusting, been here many time but this time totally disappointed.  The waiter was so rude that we can't even change seats, asking him any question and why, was totally ignored by one of the waiter. Will only do take out in the future.
4 The food is amazing and the service is terrible, they have a "B" rating on the door most likely because of the worst bathrooms and scariest stairwell to the bathroom in the city.  It's cash only and the servers really dislike the customers but did I mention the food is awesome?!!! We will keep going back every week as we have for the last month.
5 This has been my fave place for roast meats and congee for years.  It is inexpensive and quick. Getting a table can be difficult during peak hours and you may have to share a table.  This is a no-nonsense place so don't expect pleasantries from waitstaff and the place is overdue for a renovation, esp bathroom.  It is not what I come here for. Appreciate it for what it is and I think you will agree on my rating.
1 Well, if you 1) don't end up slipping on the greasy floor and hit your head, 2) don't end up slipping down the tiny greasy granite stairs to the dank bathroom downstairs, or 3) don't end up shitting yourself to death after eating the food here, you can post a better review than this one.   Came here on a Sunday afternoon, no wait. Got seated at a long shared table immediately. Service is typical for a Chinatown joint. Not overtly rude but not at all nice. Ordered the soy sauce chicken, the pork with pickled veggies, and the beef chow fun. Passable/mediocre at best. Not the worst Chinese food I've ever eaten but definitely not good enough to ever want to remember having come here.   The best part, though: Fast forward maybe 8 hours. I had bubble guts and stomach pains on and off. I was visiting the toilet with far more frequency than I'd have liked. This had been the only meal I had that day, so no other culprits could have been to blame.   Oh! How could I forget! There were small pebbles in my food. Either the chicken or the sauce it's served with. I chewed one small one, which was then followed by a rather large one. Luckily the second stone hit my crown and not my actual tooth.  EDIT: Woke up the next day and immediately sharted myself. Yelp, I'm willing to let y'all know this happened because I don't want it to happen to you. Not enough underwear in this world for that kinda thing.
5 Been coming for forty years and it's always amazing. Get the wonton fun noodle soup! There is no better Chinese food in nyc than Big Wong
2 Went to chinatown to look for some cha siew fan and went here. I haven't been here in years and I remember it being much better. The restaurant is dirty and the floors is really oily! I used a napkin to wipe the table and it was mad dirty! I ordered the cha siew and duck over rice. This is the only restaurant that doesn't come with a little veggie on the side. The cha siew was average and the duck was all skin. I was highly disappointed in the rice and my craving was definitely not satisfied
5 We are visiting New York and  found this restaurant. The food is amazing and delicious. We love everything and they are all good. Roasted duck, steam chicken with ginger, roasted pork, fried rice, rice porridge, congee and the lobsters. We have tried many Chinese restaurants but this is the best so far. The portion is generous and  price is very affordable. So dont let the looks of the restaurant fool you. It is a small place but it is great for food.
5 The cha siu fan was out of this world! Came here with an old friend of mine and indulged in ribs and fried dough and was not disappointed! The rice rolls were great too! Super packed but service was great! Definitely coming back again! Big Wong Big Hit!
5 -Busy place, but we were served promptly.  -We ordered duck, beef chow fun, and red roasted pork. All dishes we had were fresh, hot and very tasty, too.  - would recommended.
5 I read that this was the best place to get Dumplings with soup in NYC. Once I arrived I was greeted by hanging roasted duck on display. I was immediately seated. As I was seated the gentleman next was eating lobster it looked was delicious & the gentleman was digging. So I inquired about the lobster. He said it was the best & he came all the way from Brooklyn for them. So I to ordered the Lobster w. Ginger & Scallions and Dumplings with soup. Both dishes were amazing. I can still taste them in my mouth as I write this. I'm hungry for Dumplings w. Soup and the Lobster w. Ginger & Scallions again. I guess I have to come back the next time I'm in the city. Staff was very helpful. This place is cash only so make sure you bring your appetite and cash.
5 Pros Authentic Chinese food Fast and efficient service. I once got my food a minute after I ordered.  Cheap and tasty!  Cons If you're looking for polite service where the waiters make small talk with you then this is not the spot to go.  If you're looking for a clean restaurant then this is not the place to go.   The most authentic Chinese restaurants are usually the less clean, rundown ones in my experience.
4 My family and I visited New York for a day. We try to go to couple of places within couple of hours and I dont remember how we stumbled upon China town. We got hungry and my in-laws decided to check this place out. I have to say it is quite interesting and it resembles Hong Kong in some ways like finding your own way to a table. Bathroom is downstairs and its kinda gross, but its China town, a lot of places are gross.   Parking. Its NY. What parking?  The food. The food is quite good. We ordered wonton noodles and the portion was small. Not complaining too much because it was just enough to fill me. And as with all food places in NY...CASH ONLY.
5 The most incredible duck! But please don't be a stupid tourist: only get the roasted duck or the lobster.
3 The food was decent and pretty good overall. I really enjoyed the salted pork and preserved egg congee. That really hit the spot. And their Beijing Peking Duck was great too- def on the fatty side and the portion for a half duck seemed pretty small compared to what you might've gotten if you just ordered roast duck.   Reason I give it a 3 out of 5 stars is cuz honestly their sanitation is gross. We were given 3 "clean" bowls that all had something stuck or in the bowl. My bf got his tea cup with some weird yellow thing stuck to be bottom of it. Honestly, it's hard to trust that any of their dishes are clean and of course it will make you very skeptical with how they prepare the dishes and if there's anything else that's dirty that you can't see from the outside.   I know in general, Chinese restaurants are low on the sanitation grade unfortunately, but this one was obvious in that they really don't care much about the sanitation. I'm not too sure if I would go back for that reason in particular unless if I'm really craving their congee and other foods.
5 I always come here when I miss a good tradition home cooked Chinese meal. The porridge is my favorite dish at this place and you get a big bowl for $2! The next best dishes would be the roast duck and the boiled chicken with this amazing ginger sauce but they are a little stingy with the meat and over load with rice. Regardless, I can't complain since I spend less than $10 every time I come here and for a New York meal, that is unheard of.
2 I'm still mourning the loss of big wing wong/wong kee restaurant and trying to find the next best thing. My family and I decided to venture a little further down Mott St and try Big Wong.  We ordered a bowl of congee with pork and preserved egg, duck and wonton noodles, a plate of beef rice crepes, and a plate of shrimp rice crepes. The duck was fatty and mostly skin and the wontons were ok. Everything else was fine though. Food was good, but nothing spectacular.  I didn't feel comfortable in the restaurant either. Yes, it is Chinatown, but this one felt overly dirty. Especially the bathrooms. The bathrooms are downstairs in the creepy basement. They smell and are dark.  Maybe we'll be back, maybe not. Gotta try other places in the area and compare!
3 I have a love hate relationship with big wong, their lack of service is like the typical old school Chinese restaurant and although the service is mediocre at best I always find myself coming back for the food because no other Chinese restaurant makes their egg sauce with beef over rice like big wong. I have been coming here for over ten years and sometimes the stuff the workers say still surprises me. I was running a little late for work but I have been craving my running egg over rice so i called ahead to order... the guy who took the order heard runny egg with shrimp over rice and told me that's what he heard I told him that's not what I ordered and I took a train and walks 8 blocks for it so I'm not  settling for just what he heard. He not so discretely said to his co worker this is how you know they're not a frequent customer.. I suppose frequent customers would just say it's fine and take the shrimp with egg? Anyways they remade my order and I left with my favorite Chinese dish, come for the food not the service-enough said!
3 They've recently had a management change and I guess that explains for the recent changes in quality that people and I are seeing. I used to go this place every week almost a decade ago. Servers used to greet you and provide excellent service. I ordered the Wonton noodles with Roast Pork for around $5.50 back then and it was the best thing to get for a cheap lunch. As of late, servers have attitudes to the point where this female waitress was screaming at me cause she couldn't understand me (Chinese is my second language, but I do my best to communicate to make it easier). Cleanliness has declined and forget the bathroom, can't even walk in there now.
4 One of the busiest restaurants in NYC Chinatown.  The food looks simple but the combination plates are made in heaven.  There is so much love and care that goes into the preparation and presentation of the food.  Absolute masterpiece!  The true Chinatown experience is to ask for scallion and ginger dipping sauce.  It changed my life and I'm sure it will change yours too.
5 Amazing lobster with ginger and scallions! Definitely recommend this restaurant! Bring cash -no credit cards.
1 One of the worst restaurants I think I've ever been to. We were seated right away, which was alright, but they wouldn't put us in the back of the restaurant, as we asked, away from the kitchen area and foot traffic. Ok, whatever. But the staff ended up using our table as a staging area for other peoples' orders. Seriously, they would open bottles nearby and set them on our table before bringing them to other patrons, which was just.... weird. I mean, what? The area we sat was drafty and cold, as well, which was a big motivation in us wanting to sit somewhere else, as well.  The service was slow, the food was greasy, and the bathroom was something out of a nightmare: Filthy, smelly, dark, and slippery. I ended up not using the bathroom after I saw what it was like.   I would never come here again. I see why it was so easy to get seated.
4 Our to go place for wong tong noodle soup and congee. Delish!
5 Delicious meal!  The venue and set up are like normal family style chinese restaurant. Moderate cleanliness and ambience. The food, however, was delicious.   Grill duck and chicken were amazing! Must try the stir fry lobster. Large chewy and tasty lobster, well priced. Our group has congee, soup noodle, and crispy noodle. All tasted great :D  The atmosphere was very casual. Fun place to eat in big group, and be as noisy as you like. On the other hand, if you are looking for serene or romantic venue, might not be the goto destination.  Heard that their peking duck is also a must try. Hope to try it during our next visit!
4 Big Wong has been around for several years, even in my childhood. They have been providing delicious Chinese food for a good price for as long as I remember. My boyfriend and I ordered the 1/2 Roast Duck, Fried Noodles (don't remember the specific name), and Wonton Soup. Have you had roast duck yet? It's GOOD. There's usually a good amount of meat until you get near the end of it. There is quite an amount of oil, but you have to pick your battles. The fried noodles were good in flavor, but the texture was not great. Was a little turned off by that. It's a big portion - get ready to share if you want to try it. Some of the noodles were crunchy and some were softer. I think it's a particular style of making noodles, because I've had noodles like that before, I'm just not a big fan of it. I love wonton soup if the wontons are delicious, and this Cantonese dish almost always makes it the way I like it - full of pork, shrimp, and mushrooms. The soup is so simple yet satisfying as well. They give you complimentary tea, like many Chinese restaurants (where you tip). The restaurant is pretty spacious as well, but can get full, especially since the place has been around for a while, and in busy Chinatown! Big Wong is a great place to go if you want to satisfy your stomach with good Chinese food.
5 I was looking for congee for breakfast & this was the perfect spot. It was a warm day so it was nice & cool in here. Promptly seated & served. I had a Birdseye view of the food prep station & thought it was well run & organized. They kept bringing "fresh" supply from the main kitchen. I shared a table with a couple who wanted a different piece of duck in his rice plate & the manager immediately came over & did what he asked. I would definitely come back.
4 The food i compare to is hop key or woo hop if your in the city i got the chinese vegetables duck  pan fried beef with noodles pork fried rice flounder and Peking pork chops  it was really good i have to say
4 Recommended by a Cantonese schoolmate. I tried every style of their take-out options for roasted meat, e.g. the roasted pork, roasted spare rib, roasted duck, and the soy sauce chicken. Always tried with one pound proportion and it's always good option for preparing lunch boxes. I promise you that after heating up your lunch box with their meat, your colleague will ask you where do you find them.
3 This is our go to place for congee.  This is good, old fashioned Chinese comfort food. Make sure you get the freshly made fried crullers to go with it.    Their barbecue meats are also very good. I'm not a big fan of their stir fry dishes (tends to be greasy and lacks content other than the carb), but you can try it and decide for yourself.
4 Quick, inexpensive Chinese food. Great for on he go meal. I ordered the duck, wonton noodle soup. The duck could have been better.
1 Don't have anything good to say about this place. Food was either cold and/or bland. No need for me to visit this place again.
1 Had half duck and veggies. Incredibly salty!!! Bathrooms also the most discussing of any restaurant in have ever been to. Makes one wonder how clean the kitchen is? Will not eat here again. Many others to choose from.
2 Right in China town service was fast can't complain food hmmmm this food taste just like what I had in China so I would say it was authentic I'm a big noodle fan and what I ordered (noodles) tasted bland and the fried veggie egg roll was crazy greasy this place was not for me
4 BIG WONG caught my eye so as soon as I walked in I remembered I've been in here before from my last visit to NY I ordered the BBQ spare ribs and fried rice it was so satisfying
4 We have been coming here for over 8 years and they recognize us and are super nice *  ( most of the times )  :)  Loooooove this place . For all the haters .. this is a quintessential NYC Cantonese fast eats restaurant . You are not going to get white tablecloth service with waiters/ waitresses monitoring your table every second. The locals come in .. gulp/ slurp food down like speedy Gonzales and off they go.  Quote Serious Eats ' A cheap and speedy Chinatown classic for roast meats and thick hearty congee.' I wholeheartedly agree with this review summary!  I would say they excel with their BBQ meat over rice selection. Order any of those and you can't go wrong.  They have succulent roast duck , roast bbq pork , soy sauce chicken ... combo plates .. We also love the steamed vegetables with oyster sauce .. prawn glutinous rice rolls ( called ' cheong fun')  If you are very hungry .. get some congee and a fried ' you Tiao ' to dip it in.  ' You Tiao ' is like a unsweetened doughnut . Super crispy and delicious dipped in thick congee. My only major gripe with Big Wong's  is I'm pretty sure they put MSG in their food as after I eat my tongue instantly becomes tingly and my salivary glands go into overdrive . However if you don't have a sensitivity to MSG go check this place out !   We hope to come here for years to come with our children's children!   Super nice * in a Chinatown nyc restaurant means : nodding when they see you, hurriedly seating you , shouting out your order , chucking it on the table
3 No thrills Chinese spot that I've been coming to since I was a little kid. It's right across the street from my old Chinese school so best believe that place gets packed during lunch time. There's never a long wait as people tend to be finished in 20 minutes. My usual order is #112, Sliced Fish with Tofu on rice. A solid meal for under 10 dollars. If you're expecting gourmet food, this isn't the place. But if you're hungry, want a cheap meal quickly, this is the place!
4 Ate here twice when I was in NYC. We ordered char siu, soy sauce chicken, choy sum, among other things. Their char siu is the best. The other stuff we ordered was okay. I would come back to try other dishes. The service was okay. Servers were straight forward. They will not be friendly nor rude. Other Chinese patrons may be rude to you if you are being slow. Or they may generally just be rude to you. Cleanliness wise, the place seemed okay. FYI: do not use their restrooms. They were not dirty or anything horrible. However, you have to go down a very narrow stairway and it is next to the kitchen. There were multiple stalls, but the doors to the restrooms are wide open.
3 About once a month, my fam likes to go to Chinatown to get errands done. We always like to start these days by going to Big Wong to have a big bowl of their warm congee. Today was no exception and we found ourselves at Big Wong ordering a bowl of congee for each of us. I ordered the seafood congee and boy did it hit the spot!! The hot rice porridge is surprisingly filling because of all the seafood they put and the peanuts on top add a nice texture contrast. It really is the best thing to eat in the morning!!   A few things to note about this place: the servers are always rushing, which I get because the place is ALWAYS packed...but can't help but feel pressured to rush as well. The only upside of that is that they get you seated and served promptly and efficiently. The employees are also primarily Cantonese speaking so there is a bit of a language barrier when communicating with them.   Nonetheless, I love their congee and would highly recommend! Seems like it's one of the more popular places in Chinatown!
5 I lost count on how many times me and my boyfriend come here. We go to a gym nearby, so sometimes we  come here for a quick dinner. Service here is amazing, super friendly staff and food comes out quick. It's one of the best customer service we have ever experienced at a Chinatown restaurant. Food is amazing too, I always get the duck and wonton noodle. My boyfriend would get duck and roast pork over rice. One of my favorite places to get duck in NYC. This place has been around for a very long time too, great restaurant to check out.
4 No wait time... food is served fast and hot... Dumplings were the best... Chicken lo mein was delicious.. Cheap prices GREAT food...
1 I have been here several times,but this time they really disappointed me.  The environment is not that clean. Most importantly, their serving attitude is getting worse and worse.
5 I go to this place almost everyday food is good and clean and very good prices it's just the best
1 Very slow service and the servers are very rude.  Never going back to this place, there are many other good choices in this neighborhood where the server are not rude.
4 My go to for take out Hong Kong style roasted meats. Food quality here is a step above other spots in the area as it's reflected in the prices. I don't mind splurging a few extra bucks for great roast duck and pork offerings.  The service is efficient and prompt for take out orders. So grab some Hong Kong style roasted meats and enjoy!
4 This place is a classic.  Come by for your barbequed meats - chicken, duck, roast pork - and typical Cantonese dishes - fried rice, noodles, congee, and wonton.   It is cheap, fast, and maybe not as clean as you'd like but it is old Chinatown.
2 This Cantonese restaurant is not very very bad. Food is ok and price is reasonable. But the environment is not good, and the most important thing is service is very bad ...
4 It's so good! I ordered thousand year egg congee. It's exactly the same as the one in my hometown. It's also cheap and fast. Highly recommend it!
4 Very nice food, a lot of choices but the wait time is so long! The place is always full of customer and i have to wait at least 10 minute every time to receive a table. Other than the wait time, the place is very fancy and clean. The waitress and waiters were very helpful.   Ordered a noodle soup once and a little tip for you is to choose a different noodle than the ones that originally comes with it. It was kind of hard. :(
4 As a kid, I came here often for my normal go tos- roast pork over rice, wonton with flat noodles or thousand year egg congee. It's fast, cheap and super filling!  I recently came with my family as we were trying to dimsum but being that it was chinese new year weekend, the lines were super long in the restaurants we checked and decided to come here for a quick bite instead. We were seated fast, ordered and had our food within 10 minutes!  We ordered a lot of food to be shared- 2 different congees, two roast pork rice noodles, wonton noodles and some other stuff. Everything is how I remembered it to be from my younger years! What's better was having it with my entire family just like the old days! Everyone left super full and satisfied.  The only questionable thing about this their cleanliness though I wouldn't expect much from a quick bites restaurant!
1 Big Wong used to be my go-to place for delicious char siu (roast pork) noodle soup and roast duck. I've been coming to eat here since I was a child and have brought friends and family. Sad to say that after a recent incident of food poisoning, I don't think I'll ever come back.  I recently ordered a roast pork and duck over rice as takeout for dinner at home with my boyfriend. After only having a few bites of the duck and pork, he decided he wasn't that hungry. There was still some duck and pork left so I saved the rest for leftovers. Early morning the next day, he woke up feeling feverish and sick. Immediately, we thought it was the flu because his symptoms matched up and the flu pandemic this year is out of control. I ate his leftovers while taking care of him but also felt a bit nauseous later that evening but hoped I wasn't going to catch the flu too.   He got better 2/3 days later so it didn't turn out to be the flu after all. He suspected it to be food poisoning but I was doubtful because I told him I also ate his leftovers. That night, I suddenly had stomach pains and threw up -- within 72 hours, I was also hit with food poisoning!!   We both agreed that it was the roast duck that most likely got us sick. It was super greasy and oily, and we had a hard time eating it and ended up really sick from food poisoning. We're both very disappointed and traumatized and not sure if we'll be able to return to Big Wong.
3 Good food, slow service, and bring sure to bring cash because they don't take Visa. Otherwise the Peking pork and eggrolls were excellent.  It's a heavy protein restaurant and they're not a lot of vegetables to choose from.  They are a Zagat rated restaurant which tells me it's probably safer to eat here than other places in Chinatown.
1 Really bad services. The waitress literally insulted me and teased me to only order one dish. And she forced me to tip her even though I expressed my anger for her. The food is way below my expectation. I ordered duck noodles after seeing its pic online.  This place is So over rated. Super disappointed.
4 Char siu pork (roast pork) over rice to go = $5.50  Happiness and deliciousness for under $6 bucks how do you go wrong?  If dining inside be weary of the floor,  it's slippery from the grease!
4 We were looking for the best place to have authentic Chinese food in NY Chinatown. It's hard to decide when there's so many restaurants to choose. So we picked the one with the most Asian customers. (You will never go wrong. As far as I know my kind, we only go to the best..) well, we were not disappointed.  The waiter was very tentative. He noticed that we were cold and instantly escorted us to a warmer corner.  We ordered the 2 lobsters special, roasted duck lowmein (certain type of noodles and sauce), and seafood tofu soup. Service was fast. We got our food within 10 min. The lobsters were fresh and juicy. We dug in like we had been starved for days. All Thumbs up for the food! The interior was not what we came for so not much to talk about. Very typical Chinese restaurant decor...  the whole hour we were there, there were non stop stream of customers getting their roast ducks and pork. That's a good testimony of how good their roasted meats were.
1 Food is ok at best. Not anything to write home about.   Service is extremely bad though. I've come here 5 times and all 5 of them were unpleasant.   All of the staff in the shop has the 'here take your food, give me my damn money and gtfo out of here' attitude going on.
1 I would give zero star but since I have to give so one star it is. Been coming to this establishment since 70's but today will be my last! I came here with my family and ordered roast duck over rice and 3 other noodle dish.  Roast duck over rice: 2 pieces of fat and 4 pieces of small ... literally just bones.  Fried crispy noodles with meat:  the noodles were soggy and the bean sprouts had rotten taste.  Another noodle: don't know the name in English...but will post pictures- the noodle were under cook and tasteless.  The waiter that served us was rude and the place were filthy.  There are a lot of choices and better places to eat in Chinatown.  I will not return nor recommend this place!
3 I know this place is popular for its meat products but I am not a fan of their char siu. I prefer a sweet and salty taste while their char siu was pretty bland, although well cooked. So I would not recommend this place to people who like their roast pork sweet. I also dined in once. Nothing impressed me. Beef ho fun was just so-so. Roast duck and beef eggplants were okay. Price is quite affordable as it locates in Chinatown.
5 One of my favorite Cantonese noodle place in Chinatown. Very friendly staffs, very authentic noodle soup( Cantonese style). Yummmmm, I miss the duck soup, long time not been there. Will go to this weekend, hhha.
1 The food here is mediocre at best, compared to what you come in for and going to another restaurant to order it. Their meats are served cold and their prices are no longer a bang for your buck. My dad and I used to come here to support our local Chinese restaurants but they do not deserve to be in business. When I was a child and maybe it was because I was so young that I thought their food and service was acceptable.   The last time I came here was for dinner with a friend. We are both Chinese and we asked to sit in the back. The restaurant was not full and there was plenty of room. The male waiter literally started CURSING at us that we asked to sit in the back. The entire staff was staring at us but no one said anything to defend us. If you haven't noticed, they like to save the back which has a slightly better seating for non-Asians.   I do not expect good customer service in Chinatown but I have never had a server yell and literally curse at me. I believe that as consumers we have the choice to support businesses that we believe in. There are so many other Chinese restaurants in the area that are worth trying.
3 Standard Cantonese fare like a Chinese diner.  Quality has diminished over past 20 years I've been going there but it's still a good stand by.
4 I have to say I don't LOVE eating at this place but they have great take out. I always go for Beef Chow Fun, lately it has less sauce on it and less beef which makes me sad but you still get a lot of noodles and food for a pretty reasonable price.
5 I'm a fan. It's one of these "fast casual" places in Chinatown where you can sit down and have a quick meal of solid Cantonese food. Really good duck too. People are consistently standing around buying ducks - both locals of the neighborhood and people you can tell don't live around the area.   The duck is always crispy and fresh and the other dishes: noodles, congees, over rice never disappoint. Really affordable too.
4 One of the best San Bao fan in Manhattan! 4 stars because they give you 2 meats and an egg instead of 3 meats, like in the outer boroughs.  Food You really only get one thing here, and that's the meat on rice. As I mentioned earlier, their standard San Bao fan is 2 meats and an egg, which is standard for a bunch of other places in Chinatown I've visited. So, I asked for 3 meats this time, and they added 3.25 to the dish price. Definitely worth it!  I've ordered some other dishes while they're not bad, they're just not the best things here.  Decor It's a cheap Chinese restaurant, what do you expect? It's authentic and reminiscent of an older time for Chinatown.  Service The wait staff are rather polite and very quick. I think a few of them have been with the restaurant for a decade!  Note The bathroom is nasty. It's likely one of their cost cutting measures.
5 Big Wong is an authentic restaurant to Chinatown frequented by many Chinese locals. They serve typical Cantonese casual food -- BBQ meats, congees, noodle soups, and stir fry dishes. The service is quick and no-frills, but the food is very affordable.  The roast pork here is very good, and so are their congees. Make sure to order fried dough along with the congee!
5 I had the congee with the century egg and salt pork, which is really nice for when it's 20 degrees out. Also I can highly recommend the fresh shrimp rice noodle crepe (cheong fun). The sauce is not too sweet and has a nice hint of star anise in it as well. Service was speedy and the check was extremely modest considering the amount of food I got. The staff also dealt deftly with the drunk and racist Jersey trash that was ostensibly in there having a beer at 830 AM after drinking all night.
4 TLDR: authentic, cheap, delicious Cantonese food; great for takeout; would recommend the wonton mein and cha siu fan (roast pork with rice)  I've been eating at Big Wong since I was a kid and still consider it to be my go-to whenever I'm craving authentic Cantonese food. While the giant "grade pending" sign on the door and huge slabs of roast pork hanging in the window may turn you off, rest-assured, it's always the no frills, underrated looking places that have the best Chinese food.  While there are tables to dine in, I always head to the front register to order takeout. My favorite dishes are wonton mein (mein = thin yellow noodles, fun = wider, flat rice noodles) with cha siu (roast pork) and choy sum (Chinese broccoli) and cha siu fan with choy sum (roast pork with Chinese broccoli and white rice). The portions are generous, prices are reasonable (around $8), and the food always tastes so good.  Service is usually very quick and this place is cash only. I usually order in Cantonese (the limited words I know almost all center around food), but the staff also knows English. Most of the patrons are locals living around Chinatown and speaking Cantonese, which is always a good indication of the authenticity of the food.
5 Big Wong guarantees that you get a decent Wonton soup, packed with big, juicy wonton and well-made noodle.  But the star of the meal was definitely the pork chop. Oh boy, they were GOOOOOOOD. The Peking Pork Chop was soft, pleasantly sweet and goes well with the wonton noodle. The salt and pepper Pork Chop wasn't too shabby either. For around $14, you and a buddy can each get 5 pieces out of that value-for-money dish.  I'm not a fan of the service during peak hour, as it was really difficult to get a waiter's attention. But I was really pleased with how I was able to meet a new friend as we crowded at the same table. On a regular day, the service is quite fast and on point.  So yeah, 5 stars
1 Horrible cash only establishment with very poor service that demands an automatic tip. They are super irritable When u do not understand their accent (I have one so I'm super patient). They super rush you through everything. Food is absolutely NOTHING to write home about. Meal for 4 and 2 sodas was $104 including the $14 automatic Tip. I usually tip 20% but upset that horrible service demands an automatic too from me. Do not go here. Super disappointed by the great reviews. Not sure how I missed the huge "EAT AT UR OWN RISK" sign at the door from the NY department of health. The place is nasty!! Do not attempt to walk into the unlit bathrooms or peep into the kitchen and see the filthy floors. U have been warned. Not sure which establishment the other helpers who loved it went to..
5 Found this tiny Cantonese restaurant in Chinatown, and had lunch here with my friend. Their menu included a wide variety of traditional Cantonese foods. The beef fried with rice noodles was one of their specialties, and it was really good. The chicken was fried with pineapple, with a special taste of sweet and sour. The assorted veggies included lots of fresh green leaves.
5 In the heart of chinatown, this place has been here for what seems like for ever. They definitely maintain their recipes when it comes to Cantonese (South East) Chinese food. From their honey covered cha siu to their roast ducks and roasted pork and chicken, my grandmother loves getting me food at this place when I lived in Chinatown, and she continues coming here when she comes in to the old neighborhood! I love their thick congee too and people usually get the fried dough to go with it. Honestly in 2018, this place is super affordable and cheap. A quick lunch with a friend dining in is like $20 or less even. Really satisfies cravings.
4 Came here for lunch with my family and we happy that we didn't have to wait long. Food ordering can be tricky since the staffs are not fluent in English. But the food is acceptable and reasonable. Will come back!
4 Paris Hilton once said, "A true heiress is never mean to anyone- except a girl who steals your boyfriend". This establishment metaphorically wined and dined me like a proper, yet physically fit, man would (preferably tall, dark, and handsome since that's my type; I once dated a man with auburn colored hair but it was a emotional rollercoaster). However, once I requested sauce for my dish on the side and was denied, I found myself questioning my educational path and the reason that I believe in not wearing white after Labor Day. The staff was rude and was not following the "the customer is always right" protocol. So let me be so bold to say that the ever-popular Paris Hilton was indeed wrong. A true heiress is never mean to anyone- unless they give no general tso side sauce for my sautéed veggies. I will rue the day I stepped foot in Big Wong, but would recommend it to anyone who doesn't need sides of sauce to complete a meal.
4 So this restaurant is kind of an institution for Chinatown. I've been coming here since I was a little kid. They have authentic Cantonese food. The roast pork, roast duck, soy sauce chicken, and ribs are featured in their window and 99% of the time they're all really good. They also have really good congee (rice porridge). If you're in Chinatown for breakfast or lunch, especially during the winter, I'd recommend this. Get a yao tiao (dough stick) with it. Alternatively, their wonton soup is not bad either. They also have a dish of two lobsters in a scallion ginger sauce. It's a tasty Cantonese preparation of lobster if you like lobster. I'm only rating it 4 stars because while the food is usually really good, the restaurant could use an update. It's a bit too old school. They haven't change anything for at least 20 years which is both a good and bad thing. At least update the bathroom
3 These guys serve up Some really delicious Chinese food.  Everything comes out hot and quick.  They have some creative sauces they make themselves (ask for their ginger sauce).  Their prices are fair.  My only complaint is there bathroom facilities.  I've been here several times and cannot fathom why they cannot redo their bathrooms and keep them clean - so that they don't smell light urine.  Employees should be required to wash their hands after using the bathroom - i was a witness to an unacceptable practice.  It's a shame that i have to give them 3 stars based on their bathrooms - they're disgusting.
5 According to my parents (born and raised in China), this is the only restaurant they liked! The price is great as well, so I'm giving five star for that :)
2 Food is okay, over rated and little over price, there is a lot of good place to eat beside this restaurant.
4 Wonton noodle is definitely one of the top comfort food and Big Wong done it right.   I read a lot of comments saying how dirty the restaurant is but it looks totally fine to me, at least compared to Ctown standard haha. My friends and I both got Duck Wonton Noodles and a dish of Broiled Yu Choi. The noodles is soo hearty with a lot of wontons. Deep fried duck is not too oily. Yu Choi is broiled to the perfect level when it's still a bit crunchy, then deep in hoisin sauce, which is surprisingly good trust me.   Needless to say, you can't beat the price at Asian restaurants. Of course, don't expect any service. Just get your belly filled.
4 Dishes are authentic and delicious at great price. The environment and service were kind of unpleasant though.
5 The roast duck is to die for. I can't stop thinking about it with white rice. My favorite spot to go to in Chinatown.
5 I ain't gonna lie.  I've never eaten here, but certainly would've had we more time.  I have absolutely no ownership, interest, or relationship with this establishment.  I simply gotta give a restaurant named after me some major props!
5 I want to eat their congee with pork every single day for the rest of my life. Hands down the best congee I have ever had - subtle, wonderful ginger flavors, accented by crispy, salty, sweet pork whose delicious juices turned the whole bowl golden brown. Seriously contemplating a return trip for dinner. Can't believe it took me so long to get to this institution!
4 A good place to stop by if you're in the mood for roasted pork. This place is a tourist attraction due to it being in a few food magazines touting it as a must try in Chinatown. First off, this place has extremely affordable dishes. Their typical rice dish starts at $5.50 for the roast pork on rice, which is good, filling and quick. If it's cold out, it's also a nice choice to opt for the soup noodle. They also serve congee all day as well as other made to order rice dishes. It's cash only, and their goal is to have you eat and leave ASAP, which isn't a bad thing. If you're in the area and want quick and affordable authentic Chinese food, pop in here and give one of their roasted meats a try.
2 Pathetically rude service, dirty and dim atmosphere, food served luke-warm. Only plus is food is priced competitively and is served extremely quickly. Has gotten worse and worse Olin the last 5 years - I've been here once a year since then and will likely never come again.
5 The food here is so bomb. I've been coming here since I was a little kid. I have the fondest memories of the food here and I went today and the quality is still the same. Delicious. Fragrant. Savory.  Their salted pork and egg congee is absolutely amazing and to die for. It brings me to a place of happiness not many kinds of food can. For those unfamiliar with the taste of thousand year old egg, its unique and not as disgusting sounding as it seems.   Their BBQ ribs is so delicious. When I was in college, my mom would send me off with boxes of these ribs before I went to school. These are probably some of the best ribs in chinatown. And that is saying a lot because chinatown has quality ribs everywhere. Their ribs are probably more pricey than ones at other restaurants but I think it is worth it. Their sauce and flavoring is on point.
1 Sooo sad to see this place go down in terms of food, service and even cleanliness! I used to get lunch here (yrs ago when i was doing summer work as a teen) and they were the bomb then!  Stopped here for dinner recently and its SO not the same anymore. Servers dont even greet u anymore, no smile at all during face to face interaction, barely even made any eye contact. The male server i had literally said "never even heard of such dish, we only have salted fish fried rice." I was just askin if he had fried sauteed squid over fried rice as per request of the bf. Nobody came around to fill up our water/tea unless u specifically wave them down and ask! I noticed another table nxt to us was tryna wave down a waitress to get the check, which she saw but finished what she was doing at the utensils counter before even heading over to their table. The customers at the same exchanged stares w me.  I ordered my old favorite, beef w tomatoes over rice. IT HAD NOOOO TASTE at all! The hotsauce on the table also tasted watered down. Literally doused my food in it and still had minimal taste. I was not happy w my dinner.  Their bathroom, disgusting. Toilet paper all over the floor, locks that barely lock, dim lighting, mold/dirt on the floor creases, and their slipper stairs on the way down! My son almost fell!  Will not be returning.
4 Was a little nervous because a 3.5 rating isn't awesome. But we were wrong! Food was good, service was amazing (waiters are so friendly and fast) and it was a great price. Will come back!
4 I have been going here since I was a little kid. My parents introduced me to this great restaurant. Good cheap eats in Chinatown. Where else can you get a full meal for just about $5? I love their wonton noodle soup, congee, roast pork and roast duck.
2 If a traditional Cantonese restaurant can't get their beef chow fun right, then it's not worth going anymore! I was so disappointed how bland my chow fun tastes, and the fact some noodles were still folded when it's brought to the table. Service is quick, typical Chinatown standard. Singapore noodles on the other hand is quite delicious, but I'm also sad to taste what a signature dish didn't even live up to its substandard!
3 Happy we went for the experience of it and because, let's face it, *everyone* says it's great. We definitely enjoyed the Pork Congee and wish we could find it even half that good near our house. The pork and rice dish however, was cold-ish and the chicken fried rice was a bit on the basic side.
3 Food is average. Usually get the soy sauce chicken and roast pork with rice to go. Do not like eating in.
2 Always loved to eat at Big Wong. Been coming here since I was a kid but the changes in ctown, actually me just wanting to stay away from crowds of rude mainlanders and crazy tourists have kept me from coming out here for years. I stopped by today because I picked up a Keki cake for my mom's bday. Review to come.  I got myself a Char Siu/Soy Chicken rice to go. I don't know if its me or what. The char siu was super lean and dry but the chicken made up for it, kinda. Or maybe it was because they gave the the drum stick? Missing stuff? Yep, like I said, I don't know if its me or what. I'm used to bigger portions and some veggies thrown in. This was a meager portion in comparison to the other Wongs (you'll notice alot of these roast meat/noodle shops are always called _____ Wong except for Noodle Town) around the city. I mean seriously, if you squeezed the rice with the meat together it would be smaller than my fist. Maybe I should've just went to Noodle Town. Their portions were always huge. I don't mind not getting veggies too but places like these are usually known for giving hefty portions.  I'm deeply sadden by the quality of food that I got today. So now I think it'll be years again before I step foot in Big Wong again. I'll stick to the places closer to me out in Queens.
4 The first time I went to Big Wong, I had my wisdom tooth pulled out and my ex-lover told me that they had great congee there. I was starving and the only thing I can eat was soup so I thought why not. It was an extremely comforting meal as this was one of the best congees I've had. I've introduced a friend here. I personally always get the Roasted duck with wonton noodle soup. Their roast duck is dynamite, it's perfectly roasted every time and the noodle soup just help absorb the fat. When I have Chinese food, I always want something comforting and this hits the spot. It also helps that it's under $8.  Not a lot of people know about this place. It's on Mott st but most of the people that come are Asian locals. The food is fantastic but the service and interior decorations are below average. Although that's also what gives it a true Chinese restaurant experience.  I'd say if your looking for a traditional Cantonese cuisine restaurant, give this place a shot.
4 I usually love everything I order but last night wasn't as great as usual. We had the two lobsters for $35, roast duck noodle soup, and beef ho fun(dry very). The noodle soup was great and so was the lobster but the beef noodles didn't have much flavor. It wasn't even salty enough.   In my previous visits, the roast pork is amazing, the lai fun soup and stir fried lai fun with 3 types of meat is spectacular. Don't really know how it's written in English though, sorry!
4 The duck quality is definitely a 5 star. The servers seem polite and the black tea they served me was good plus they refilled it..I came here mainly because I was craving for Hong Kong quality roast duck.   I'm giving them 4 overall because of the following: 1. Rice quality is poor.. I could barely eat it. The duck was so yummy and bad rice just didn't do justice to their duck. I hope they improve on this  2. Duck sauce is sweet and sour sauce.
4 Quick place for an authentic chinese meal. I usually order the meats hanging by the front of store, since it is cooked daily you know it is fresh. If you come here before 12pm, by all means order those hanging meats. Usually costs around $5-6.   If you come here by 6pm and there are meat still hanging, I recommend just ordering something from the menu. Tomato with beef, is my preferred option.
1 I have been a long time customer of Big Wong, but I will not come back after tonight. I ordered a plate of duck, had one piece of duck leg and the rest was just fat, sinew, and bones. I am Cantonese so I know you don't always get the cream of the crop cuts when you order, but that was just unacceptable. We couldn't chew through the meat (if there was any meat at all.) So I asked the waiter nicely why the duck looked like scraps, and his answer was that a duck doesn't have much meat to begin with. Hmm. Then he spoke to the manager and I saw the manager gawk at me like Rasputin and heard from where I was sitting (about 10 feet away), "so what does she want?!!?!" in Chinese. I wasn't being loud or rude, I was politely speaking with the waiter and made NO demands. Meanwhile I saw 2 people eating duck over rice next to me with *actual* meat on it -so I knew I wasn't being crazy. In the end I was stuck with the duck scraps they gave me, the waiter came back and told me next time to specify I don't want that part of the duck when I order - as if it was my fault. I didn't want to give the waiter a hard time and wanted to salvage what I could to have an enjoyable meal, so I didn't press further. We paid for the food and as we were walking out of the restaurant the two guys at the front behind the registers (the managers) were staring us down as if we were criminals.  I can easily find a better (and friendlier) roast duck and wonton soup place in Chinatown. I also ordered congee and the texture was like glue, and my boyfriend's wontons were falling apart. I posted a picture of the duck that was served to us so you can decide for yourself.
5 If you're looking for the best Roast Duck, I think I found an amazing place.  We've ordered at least 5 ducks at this point and we are only beginning.    When you first walk in, you see the roast duck, Soy sauce chicken and steamed chicken all hanging there and it's clear, it's one of their specialties.  There were at least 20+ hanging there and a line of people ordering. Each time I've gone there, I'm worried they will run out just as it's my turn to order but fortunately, they keep coming out with more fresh roasted ducks and chicken.    This last time I went, I ordered more than the duck.  I ordered the congee and the Chinese donut and I can tell you, I'm so glad I did.  The congee was perfect with the perfect amount of pork, intestines and liver.  The Chinese donut was fresh and fluffy and the perfect compliment to my congee.     I will be back to further explore their menu.  Everything that I've tried has been phenomenal, I can't wait for the next adventure.
4 Cash only. $35 for 2 lobsters. Food came really quickly. Our tea was refilled frequently. Seats were filled quickly on weekday night. Recommended their Soy Sauce Chicken, Roast Pork and Barbecue spare ribs.
4 Come here if you're looking for cheap comfort Cantonese food. Big Wong specializes in their congees (Chinese rice porridge) and is often packed with locals and tourists. This is my number 1 go-to place whenever I'm in Chinatown and looking for a good old bowl of congee. Coupled with an order of sweet deep fried dough, this dish is perfection. Big Wong offers many types of congees, but my personal favorite is the thousand year old egg congee. Their congees were the first meals I bought when I got my wisdom teeth extracted on 2 separate occasions.   Not only do they offer congee, they also serve cheap and filling dinners/lunches as well. Also offered here are cha siu (roast pork) and roasted duck. They're also to die for. Big Wong also has a special going on for some time now (not sure if it's still going on or not) for 2 lobsters with ginger and scallion for only $20!   Overall, definitely check out this place for inexpensive and filling Cantonese food. I'll be back in the future.
1 Wife craving for Cantonese stir fried noodle, so we ordered 鲜虾净馄饨 and 豉油皇炒麵， The wonton soup was awesome but the stir fired noodle is way below standard. I only found less than dozen bean sprouts and few slices of mushroom in the fairly dried noodle plate.  C'mon, its a $9 dish and can you spare few extra bean sprouts and mushroom, also can you actually stir fried the noodle in the pan instead of drop in the oil fryer.
1 Do. Not. Eat. Here. The floor was so dirty that you slipped from the grease. The pork was poorly cooked, under cooked or mostly the fat trimmings. This restaurant deserves less than the B rating it has. They serve the classic sauces on side plates but the look like they long gone bad. There are hundreds of great chinese places to eat in the city. This is not one of them.
4 Despite the lower Yelp rating we came here on the recommendation of the owner of New Beef from around the corner. See my other review about his beef jerky!  Anyway the decor of this Cantonese food place doesn't look like its been changed since the 1970s. But as we all know you can't judge a book by its cover. Thank goodness because it's really dirty. Seriously the floor was just gross and the bathroom may have had some leftover dirt & debris from 1978 sitting in the corners.   So overall the food was on point with very reasonable prices. Really authentic, down to the roasted ducks hanging in the front when you first walk in. I noticed the patrons were  Asian. I mean it's a good sign when everyone around you is of that ethnicity. Right?!  Hubby ordered squid in garlic black bean sauce & I had spare ribs in garlic black bean sauce. And we split a plate of garlic braised baby boy choy. The women at the table next to us were really nice. They didn't speak English very well but were showing us what they ordered. As a means of what to order next time? Or to be instructional? But I think we did get their approval on our choices, in any case! So food comes out and it is STEAMY HOT. And everything is fresh & tasty. Even the rice was perfectly cooked. One quirky thing I noticed is that served us, the non Asians, were served glasses of water. The Asians were served glasses of tea. No question about it or offers of something different. It was fine & I didn't feel offended. I was just quirky  So YES I totally recommend this place for the FOOD. Which is why I gave it 4 stars. I can't give it 5 when I think a strand of Elvis's hair may be still sitting on the bathroom floor.
4 This is a no frills authentic Cantonese place.  Don't be put off by the appearance and the lack of A rating cleanliness. The food was great!  The duck had a lot of flavor and the congee with pork and 1000 year old egg was not skimpy...big pieces, not just teeny cut up bits.
4 This place was recommended by the desk clerk at nearby hotel. It is a great little Hong Kong style diner. Was packed when we went at 1:00. You have to share tables.  Food is very good, good portions and inexpensive. i had the congee with salted pork and 100 yea egg (they put in whole egg!). My friend had soup noodles with roasted duck (very generous portion of duck!) all was good and the total with tip came to $15
3 I ordered the beef pan fried noodles and my friends ordered their $6 "meat with rice" dish. To be honest, I didn't really like the food as much as I thought I would and it didn't look out of this world appetizing. It looks like the average Chinese-take out type of entrees. Overall, I definitely wouldn't go again. I'd much rather go to Wonton Garden.
1 I was there a week ago. The floor was slimy, sticky, and untidy like it has not been washed for ages. But we still had our meal because my friend said it is delicious. That's why I am giving it 1 star. Everything else is disgusting.  Warning!!!! Do not go to the restroom. It is the worst I have seen in years! The central park rest rooms are even better. I wonder how they got their clearance from the city. So I filed a notice to the city government.
1 If you want lousy service, then you could visit this place. Supposingly their BBQ dishes should be very good but I've found it is just so so. There are many places in Chinatown have  much better bbq dishes than them and their servics are also much much better.
1 Sadly, the place seems to have changed hands. The result: increased prices and a decline in quality. My wife and I ate there yesterday (July 31, 2017). We had the beef with pickled vegetables and chicken in black bean sauce with garlic. The beef dish was overloaded with salt or MSG and the chicken dish was blah. We skipped the barbecued ribs appetiszer because the price had been increased to $ 7.50. Even the rice was bad. Wrong texture, and no flavor.
4 Came here for a dinner mid week. GREAT decision. This a awesome choice for dinner if you are looking for a casual dinning experience with great food. Although it looks like this place hasnt been renovated for the last 25 years it doesnt seem to affect the experience.  Yes it is a little bit divey but the prices are right and the service is above what I would have expected. Evertything we ordered was fantastic and came out relatively quickly.
5 I don't understand how this place doesn't get 5-stars. Delicious genuine Chinese food, fast service, and very good value for what you pay. Haven't yet been disappointed with their dish and though some distance from where I live, I will go for the food.
3 It's an okay place. The food was above average- also expensive for the portion you get. I ordered rice with 2 types of meat and an egg; it was an alright dish, but there was barely any meat on it.
4 We visited on Saturday for lunch. They were really busy but it is amazing how fast they flip their tables. That is probably why they are able to keep their price so low. I had wonton noodles which is really good. Roast duck is ok, a bit too salty. Our check came with the wrong items but same price... cash only btw.
4 Disclaimer: I've been going to Big Wong for over 10 years with my family, can speak conversational Cantonese, and am familiar with most (if not all) Chinatown restaurants similar to Big Wong.  The 1-2 star critical reviews talking about the bad service are valid, but this is because most are not familiar with how Chinese servers and managers operate during peak hours. There is no host/hostess to seat you. The server will "rudely" point to you to ask how big your party is while turning his back towards you during busy hours. This may be a huge unwelcoming turnoff to visitors from out of town. The service is below average to most foreigners, but for locals this is on par with expectation.  The food is authentic, one of the best you'll find in the heart of Chinatown. I personally love the BBQ pork chop with white rice (it's my go-to) but there are other great options on the menu as well. In terms of food, this place is a clear winner in Chinatown.   The reason why this place isn't a 5 star is because of the appearance of cleanliness... Though they have an A sanitation and health rating at the time I am writing this, it does not appear to be that way.  Overall I definitely recommend this place for authentic Chinese food.   PS - BRING CASH!
5 This is probably the best authentic Chinese food in NYC. Its mostly Chinese people here. Be prepared for communal tables and your server speaking little english. The pork dishes are the best I've had.   Great place to bring people from out of town.
5 Love this restaurant she more it's even better opens till eleven PM. Chinatown is changing many of the restaurants note serve Chinese food more catered to travelers but this restaurant maintains its name by serving traditional dishes. Big Wong.
5 This is the place for good roast duck! No other place makes it like Big Wong. The food is affordable and tastes great. Get the wonton noodles and rice porridge with pork and thousand year egg. Place gets crowded on weekends but well worth waiting for a seat. The place has been around a long time as far as I can remember. Chinatown has many restaurants but must go to Big Wong for real deal Cantonese style food!
5 Bruh, cheap and delicious! It was a nice solo dining experience. I wanted to try congee and fried cruller for the first time (they were out of crullers?!?) and I was impressed with how flavorful it actually was. Cheap, on the smaller side when it comes to seats, and kinda rushed. But I mean, isn't that the case everywhere in Chinatown? Anyway, for more details, I actually made a video about it: youtu.be/u7_Ih2NmRaI. I'll probably head there again.
5 Very busy, but very well worth it! The soy sauce chicken and the roasted pork, not to mention the sir fried lobster special! You absolutely have to go here if you are in Chinatown NYC!!!
3 My Parents who are from northern china thought this place was pretty good and the lightly  flavored dishes may perfectly suite a Cantonese / HK expectation.   Would love to give this place 3 stars just because my mom said it was good, however, as a Chinese American who loves well flavored noodle soups like the ones at very fresh noodle in Chelsea market, the dishes were bland.   Sea bass tofu 4/5 Walnut jumbo shrimp 3.5/5 Ask for sauce on the side Congee 2/5 Too much rice  Seafood wonton 3/5  No "real seafood" Wonton noodles 2/5 Wontons were so salty and lackluster  Duck 1/5 Wow, I don't understand the raving reviews about the duck. I had one bite and threw the whole dish away.   Maybe I'm use to Americanize Chinese food. Service was good for Chinese restaurant standards.
1 Apparently the size of your lobster depends on your gender despite paying the same price.  The table next to me also ordered two lobsters but their lobsters were a lot bigger than mine.  I was very befuddled so I asked the waiter in a calm voice, how come their lobsters are so much larger than ours?   Can you guess what he replied ? He said, there is no reason. There are large lobsters and small lobsters. He's a guy and you are a girl. He eats more and you eat less.   I was very shocked by his sexist and illogical answers. How can you say that to your customer?! So if he's a guy, he gets a bigger lobster even though we paid the same price ?! I will never ever come back again!!!
5 The food is amazing and cheap! Once you order the food comes out minutes later. The service is great and would 100% recommend!
4 this place is a staple of Chinatown. My dad came here when he grew up here way back when. The food is typical Hong Kong food and they serve great roasted meats. I usually stop by and pick up some roast pork or half a duck - both of which are very good! Service is pretty fast too. If I need to grab something quick and I'm in the area, I always come here. Definitely recommend for the BBQ meats!
5 It's a really authentic traditional Cantonese restaurant. I ordered roasted duck wonton noodle soup and pork liver porridge(it's not on the menu but if you ask they can make it).The noodles are springy. The skin of roasted duck can be more crispy. The pork livers in the porridge is really tender. The price is really cheap for this high quality.
5 The best gritty Chinatown BBQ spot!  Come here for their staples:  Soy sauce chicken: marinated in soy the chicken has a great savory flavor that pairs well with white rice. Your typical Hong Kong staple food!  Roasted duck: my dads absolute favorite. He will always eat this everytime he comes here and swears by it. I love the smoky flavor the duck has and it's juicy meat.  Roasted pork: another Hong Kong staple bbqed and marinated well to give it a great sweet savory smoky flavor.   BBQ spare ribs: one of my favorites in addition to the soy sauce chicken, tender ribs, savory to perfection, and pairs well with the soy sauce chicken.  We come here every week. It's a no frills place. Affordable and a great meal!
5 I basically grew up going to Big Wong and I have to say, the food is always consistent no matter when you go.  It is one of my favorite places and will always be my go-to place.  Relatives that come out of town, we bring them there for a good meal and they want to go back.  It is cheap, service is fast and you always leave satisfied.
1 I was shocked to eat the duck here, when it was touted as being so good.  It was really very fatty.    My wife got the Chicken & Eggplant.  The chicken didn't have the texture of normal chicken- it was like it was synthetic chicken.    And, why wouldn't a restaurant like this one offer brown rice?  They only offer white rice?  Seriously?  I usually agree with the folks here on YELP...this time, I was highly disappointed.     I will never go back again.
4 Been going here for years, back before the big yelp food trendy places existed. Place hasn't changed in all these years. Same recipes and some of the staff is still from around that time. You will love the food here, the MSG they use in the wonton soup is out of this world, it's addictive. Their fried crullers salty and sweat are the best in chinatown. You will love the food here.
4 Good and authentic Chinese Cantonese food. It was quick and cheap and delicious.  The ambient is a bit crazy, but that's not too bad. Their char siu is excellent.  Apparently they only accept cash in case you go there.
4 A Chinatown institution, Big Wong has been around for ages and is a decent go-to for the whole gamut of Cantonese dishes made fast and cheap. Portion sizes are modest, but you're getting what you pay for, which isn't a whole lot. They serve everything from BBQ meats to pan fried noodles, wonton noodles, chow fun, rice dishes, congee, and other entrees.  The ambience is boisterous, the service brusque if amazingly efficient, and the space rather tightly packed, as you'll likely need to share tables with others. But if you want lots of Cantonese food cheap, in a sit-down environment, then this place does the trick. Great to see it still going strong.
3 After all these it managed to stay the stay which is not a bad thing but not a good thing either.  NYC is no longer kind to ethnic eateries as cost of doing business skyrockets.  Yet they're able to get by with modest price increases.  Their food has stayed the same, there are some better places opened up and uses better ingredients while cheaper since they are in Brooklyn or even NJ.  Their Cha-siu is ok, not great.  Serviceable.  Their congee is starting to lose out to more specialty places.  Wonton soup noodles, not as good as the place across the street.  Only good thing are the fried crullers that beats places around.  I hardly come here because too much tourists and not exactly clean place to eat imo.
4 Solid, but not the best place I've ever eaten, either. The service was incredibly fast, but they are cash only. I ordered the Young Chow Fried Rice and it came out in under 2 minutes. It turned out to be a huge portion and I didn't even finish it. Great spot, very affordable!
4 I had no intentions of coming here, but I'm glad I stumbled upon this restaurant. I am always down for a great bowl of rice and cha siu. For $5.75 you get a huge portion of rice and cha siu (and this is the normal price too...not even a lunch special). This place is cash only, but they have an ATM there (only $2 charge), which was super convenient. I ordered take out since I was in a rush. My friend ordered their pork porridge and said that it was really good too. I will definitely recommend this place to friends visiting new york! Super cheap and the food is super tasty too! I am seriously in love with their cha siu and I'm a huge fan of cha siu. Time to savor every bite of it on my ride back to Boston!
1 Dirty, I also ordered half a pound of duck but received only bones and was charged $16 for it!
4 Big Wong is a Chinatown staple. Go there to quickly satisfy most of your Cantonese food cravings.   Their "rice crepes" are pretty good. They're not that consistent, so sometimes you get very thin and well folded rice crepes so there's always a good ratio of rice crepe to filling to soy sauce. Other times the crepes can be thick and sometimes they forget half the filling. Honestly though, you're only paying $2.50 so you learn to forgive their inconsistencies.   The spicy beef chow fun is the perfect carby dish to eat the day after drinking. It's not actually spicy, but more flavorful than the regular beef chow fun. It's also a massive portion so you're really getting your money's worth. The beef is very tender and delicious, I often accidentally eat all the beef first and am forced to eat the rest of the noodles with no beef :(   Their staples are the 1) congee and 2) duck/chicken. The congee is a generous portion and really hits the spot if you're looking for some comfort food. The duck/chicken is comparable to some great duck/chicken I've gotten in China. It also comes with this amazing garlicky gingery paste that you can also eat with your rice. Both poultry are fatty and delicious, with just the right amount of crisp and flavor from the skin. This restaurant literally cranks these out, so make sure you get it to get the best Big Wong experience!   Cash only! There's a Chase right in the corner, not more than a 2 minute walk.
3 Tang jai juk 4.50, the next day. Not the creamy texture that I had in the store. My mom said that its because they mix in corn starch wtaer with the congee in the store to make it thicker quickly and to save gas on actually cooking it. and after it sits a day it becomes this watery mixture..  we would know bc my mom makes congee from scratch and it stays thick even after however many days you let it sit if you actually let the rice boil down into the water.   Also if you want to pack your left overs ask for a container instead of letting them do it. I barely touched my congee legit had like 95% of it left and i saw the lady pour it into a small container and just threw the rest of it out cause she was too lazy to give me another container. I wasn't gonna fight her cuz it was in the dish pile anyway but just wanna put it out there.
5 Before we arrived NY, my wife kept telling me if there is only one restaurant we are going to dine in, it has to be Big Wong.  Obviously, my wife knows exactly what I love.  I am a very simple guy so naturally I enjoy simple everyday Chinese food.  Well, this place certainly earn their reputation as one of the best Chinese food in Chinatown, and I can't wait to try them.  Forget about the menus, I know exactly what I wanted and of course my wife was, and always is, one step of me.  Immediately before I even got my coat off, she has already ordering food from the waiter.  And soon the food just kept coming.  And boy, the food did not disappoint.  Immediately when you walk through their front door, you can clearly see the roasted ducks from their display window.  And yes, we absolutely ordered that duck.  The duck was roasted to perfection.  Light and crispy skin on the outside, and the meat was juicy and flavorful.  I can easily see myself eat a bowl of rice with that, and the juice from the duck goes perfectly with a nice and steamy white rice.  Since it was wet and cold at the time we were there, we ordered a bowl of the Westlake Beef Soup.  The soup was very got and tasty, nice flavor on the beef with a nice tough of the egg drops in the soup,  We also ordered the Wonton soup but without the noodles.  We knew there will be a lot of food coming and we didn't want to get stuff by the noodles.  The wontons were excellent.  The size of the wontons were perfect and with a nice fillings.  I would eat a tons of them but there were more food coming.  You can't come to a Chinese BBQ place and not order a Roast Pork dish.  It might sound like a simple dish, and most Chinese restaurants even in South Florida offer the same dish, but it's hard to get it right.  The pork was juicy and almost melt in your mouth.  The flavor of the pork was also very good, most of the place we tried tend to make them too sweet for our taste.    And of course, you can't leave without having some Chinese congee, or rice porridge.  I love congee and I can't seem to decide which one to order.  So of course my wife ordered three!  My favorite congee was the Salted Pork with Thousand Year Egg.  Love the flavors from the salty pork and the thousand year egg, which was soft with a neutral flavor really balances the dish  I was so focus on this congee and failed to concentrate the other two.  But I was fine with that.    Over all, we were very happy with our meal.  This is by far the best Chinese BBQ restaurant I've had for a very long time.  The food was excellent, the price was very reasonable, but...do not expect much for their service.  My goal is to come in, sat down, order my food and get out.  And we accomplished that.  Despite with their lacking on customer service, I still give them a 5 star rating because....oh yeah the food was that good.
5 Let's be honest--Mott and Canal are two of the most touristy streets in Chinatown. Despite being pretty much at the heart of tourist Chinatown, Big Wong is not touristy at all and eating there makes me feel like I'm in Hong Kong every time. Granted, that means the decor and atmosphere is not the nicest, and germaphobic people will probably find something wrong with their sanitary practices.. but those people should just keep their eyes on their phones and focus on the deliciousness they are about to experience. Their BBQ items are all great and their wonton noodle soup is amazing. Highly recommend!
1 Worst service I have ever come across, and I have had some bad experiences. The prices are cheap, the food is decent, but the waiter taking my order was offensively rude and left me feeling like I was being discriminated against. I was not going to tip (because that's frankly what the waiter deserved) but the guy brought my change back and put the dollar bill in a large puddle of sauce and water. I felt that a dirty, soggy dollar was the sort of tip deserving of the waiter who works in this establishment.
3 BBQ Pork is beyond excellent and just $7.50 a plate totally recommend it actuall get 2 portions you will eat them promise let me start there. Get that alone and you will be happy. The crepes are also superb. The duck is VERY BONEY. You have to eat slowly for safety and get with the pancakes or it will be too greasy. Other stuff just average. When all other places are empty Big Wong is always full. Good experience overall mostly chinese clientele who knows good and cheap.  Also the name is fun too. Over 100 years old and Big Wong is still long and strong.
1 Big Wong is doing a big wrong to certain restaurant goers.  I don't know what kind of scam they are running here but my table ordered a whole Peking Duck and received skin and fat arranged in the shape of a duck on a plate.  Inedible! NO sense of customer service.  We basically paid for meat we never received.  They are going to use in other dishes and charge someone else for it as well.    Other dishes we ordered left much to be desired.  Waiter was ill-mannered and just barked at us from the start.  When I asked a question about the photo in the menu he said the pictures are not their food and everything has to be bought separately..for example a chow mein dish is just noodles and sauce.  No veg..no meat.  They only accept cash.  Gee...I wonder why.
5 Best Congee and Peking duck in Chinatown area. Peking duck is a dream come true to me. Honestly, it is my favorite dish ever I have tried  this dish in many restaurants and countries and Big Wong has a good quality Hong kongnese style duck. this dish is so crispy, juicy and tender that it will be literally a party in your mouth. The sale this dish in two size orders: half order (half duck for 7.99) and full order  (whole duck -neck included 11.99).   Besides the duck, this place is also know for its seafood dishes and the steam twin lobsters with ginger and scallions is the ultimate challenge. I mean everyone will be licking the place with no mercy. Also, the shrimp shumai is great and the black bean sauce clams are exceptional.   If you are a soup lover I will totally recommend the roast pock congee and the shrimp and pork wonton soup they are so delicious and they got lots of flavor.   and if you have a vegan or vegetarian friend with you this place have a dish for everyone my sister order this bean curd and Chinese broccoli dishes that were really tasty. I really love Hong Kongnese style food and this place is a great option if you are in Chinatown since my #1 restaurant close after 60 years of been open, this place has become my number 1 stop.   If I have to mentions something negative about this place is that you better bring cash with you they hate taking debit cards or credit cards; however, the prices are so low that with 20 dollars you will have a fest for a king with your family. It is very cheap!!!
4 This is my favorite no frills joint to grab a casual and cheap bowl of noodles at. Portions are very generous, food always comes quickly, and prices are low! I love ordering their roast duck and mixing it in with my noodle soup!   Careful - the floor is a tad bit slippery. Take care. Bathrooms are down the stairs
3 Good and Ruthlessly Efficient  ~$10 + Tip pp Weekday lunch No wait Reviewed as local  Rules for Eating Chinese Food: Rule 1: Go where the Chinese People go Rule 2: Eat Chinese BBQ in places that hang the meat in the windows  This place fits both rules. I ordered my favourite bbq pork and duck rice dish. It's delicious, uncomplicated and also inexpensive.  Don't expect your waiter to introduce himself and tell you the specials, but service here is good for a Chinese (Cantonese) restaurant. Waitstaff were very attentive and proactive refilling water and tea. Service is fast and impersonal in typical Chinese fashion. A waiter will occasionally glance over to see if you're ready, take your order and deliver your food with ruthless efficiency.  Does not hurt to speak Cantonese here.
1 I ordered meatball congee but no scallions. And what i got just look like extra scallions.
4 I feel a little out of place every time I go there. Most people are older and speak cantonese. But the duck and BBQ pork are so good, it didn't bother me at all. I only ordered take out so far, and they are very fast. One of my favorite  Chinatown places.
4 This is old school Cantonese barbecue at its best.  Big Wong's is about roast duck and the flavor is better than our usual late night standby around the corner and down the street. The duck is served cold so don't expect Peking Duck although you can order a whole Peking Duck for $40 which we did not try.  There's also 2 lobster deal in ginger and scallion for only $35.  The fun (flat wide rice noodle) in my soup with beef was outstanding.  The light beef broth with the hint of star anise was not salty or heavy and the beef belly was melt-in-your mouth tender.  The soup was savory and the beef was bountiful.  Truly it was the best deal for $5.75.  The wait staff was pleasant and not brusque.  If you understand that you sacrifice service in some Chinatown restaurants, then you understand why some of my accolades are what BW is not compared to typical Chinatown establishments.  They could have a cleaner bathroom though but that seems to be a pervasive problem in Chinatown.
4 I come here pretty often because it's cheap, good food and fast!! My favorites to get here are roast pork rice crepe, soy sauce chicken over rice, fried cruller, congee, and duck. Recently, I started buying the whole duck (uncut) and bought buns from local supermarket and made my own Peking Duck! I found out it's so much cheaper to make it yourself than to ORDER the peking duck from the menu. I think the whole duck was like $28 and it lasts several meals. The fried cruller I like to bring home and make steamed eggs with it.   All of their food is always fresh and tastes delicious! They haven't let me down. They got their ordering system down pat and your food is ready in a few minutes. I love coming back here over and over again!
3 I've been here a few times. Their food is cheap (the over rice options, lunch special) & good most of the time, except for that 1 time the fried noodles were slightly burnt and the waitress served me pork because I didn't understand her accent when I asked what kind of meat is in it and she just gave me what I ordered. I was saved from not eating pork because I recognized it.  Sometimes, the noodles are too oily. The broth in my Beef Tendon soup was slightly sweet. I didn't like it tbh. The Seafood Fried Rice is amazing though!  Rant: Isn't it common knowledge that Muslims & Jews don't eat pork? Not to be racist or anything but how do you live in America & not know that? Why are Chinese people always trying to feed me pork? It's happened multiple times at other locations.
4 I've come here so many times for their appetizer BBQ/roast meats there. The flavor of their food hasn't change much! It's always jammed pack inside of the restaurant but the service is always quick. You can enjoy your meal with their black tea or a cup of cold water. You can enjoy taking your food back home. It's great!   Recommend this place to all my friends and family!
1 The floor is oily - lost my appetite as soon as I got in. The roasted pork and duck are not bad, but the horrible service ruined everything. I am just a customer, not your enemy...
4 I highly recommend having a clear calendar after dining at this establishment.  You will need a nap; the itis induced slumber won't creep up on you, rather it will hit right flush in your face and will knock you out.  The carbs, the grease, and the meat... while not good for you from a health first perspective... are all essential to one's diet in as far as wanting to ease your troubles and pacify your soul (or maybe that's just a side effect of having your arteries clogged up).  I've visited this place on some strange hours (close to closing time on Sundays, or on weekdays during those Purgatorial hours between lunch and dinner...), so seating and service hardly seemed an issue for me; though I can understand the sentiments from my contemporaries, as far a spotty service is concerned, during the busier hours.  You can't go wrong with anything roast pork or duck related... just be sure to have a heap of rice and noodles to with it (and maybe some Chinese broccoli too... if you're a health conscious nut).  While you may be able to find "better" versions of the stuff elsewhere in the city/area... the price points and the breadth of the menu (as well as the speedy delivery of the foodstuffs from the kitchen to the table to my mouth to my belly...) makes this place a worthy placeholder in your list of places to eat when you're around this part of the world.
4 Quick cheap service for quality roast duck wonton noodle soup, comes with free hot tea.  Chinatown can be overwhelming so just use yelp & any place with over 500 reviews is at the worst pretty good.  Big Wong is no exception, the duck here is solid will need to come back for the lobster special, try to use the bathroom before or after, definitely will scare u from eating here again ha
4 Another good place that has no frills. Service is not great, but the food makes for it. Unfortunately their twin lobster deal isn't as cheap anymore. Good place for BBQ meats over rice.
4 Excellent! Stopped in on a Monday at 5pm.  Very casual restaurant in the heart of Chinatown with table service. They serve Ching Dao beer as its only alcohol choice. I knew it would be good since I was the only non-Asian in the restaurant. However, the staff speaks excellent English and the menu is in English so no problem whatsoever; service was excellent.  We had the best lobster in a ginger sauce ever.  We  also had roast duck--also excellent--and by the line of Asian people ordering it for carry out, I expect it is a local favorite. Overall we had lobster, duck, and chow fun noodles with beef, all fantastic, with beers and got out of there for $80. As an epilogue, when I got back home in DC, I mentioned that I went to Big Wong's to the owner of my favorite Chinese restaurant and she told me she goes to Big Wong's every time she visits New York!
3 To experience the hustle and bustle of Hong Kong, there is no better way than to explore this unpretentious Chinese restaurant. Apart from its authentic Chinese food, Big Wong also boasts a nasty condition that dooms its customers to chronic bronchitis.
4 Service is fast and loud.   Food is good.  One of my favorite places in NYC Chinatown.
3 Its Better Then Nothing! I'm Not A Fan Of Big Wong. But Chinese Food Isn't My Thing To Began With. This Place Makes Me Don't Like It More. Nasty Old Restaurant Need To Remodel!
5 Came here because my friend hyped up the wonton soup! I came here with high expectations and my expectations were met. I got the roast pork wonton soup with noodles and it was delicious! The roast pork were deep with flavor, the noodles had been cooked perfectly, the wontons were a good size, and most importantly, the soup was not a load of MSG! I could taste that the soup was not a bowl of over flavored msg broth, nor was it one of those soups where they keep adding water to it. Everything about my dinner was great, from the service to the food. My dinner cost $7 but $9 after tip, bring cash though. For $9 I was full through the night so no complaints!
4 The roast duck here is amaaaazing. My friend who's lived in Chinatown for a while says according to all the Chinese people Big Wong has the best roast duck in all of CT.  Because so many places in the area are identical, it's hard to stand out and once you find a place you like, you kind of stick to it. I was craving soup and my friend wanted duck, and since she was tired of eating at the same spots all the time, she took me here. I'm seriously glad she did because the roast duck wonton noodle soup really hit the spot.  The broth was not too oily, the wontons filling was deliciously filled with shrimp and pork (unlike that dark brown mess that fake chinese spots fill their wontons with), and the roast duck was fall of the bone tender and really really juicy. We got chow fun noodles in ours and it was good, but I felt like the bowl was 60% noodle and not enough soup.   Service wise -- meh. Expected in CT.  But for $7, I was really happy and full. I know for sure this place will be added to my list of regular places to go to when I'm on a budget or just needing a good bowl of soup.
4 Ive been coming here for a while but only for BBQ selections. Recently, I discovered that this place has the BEST tang jai jook by far!!!! Their tang zai congee has peanuts, squid, beef & pork. I used to think noodle village had good congee, nuh uh! I have yet to try their other congee because tang jai is so good that's all I want when I come here! Their fried crullers are a hit or miss. Sometimes overly fried but when they do it right, it goes so well with my congee. Crack congee.
4 roast duck is cheap and delicious!! Only $11, not fantastic bug worth trying.
4 This place been here forever, as I can remember.  Helps if you speak Chinese.  They served the traditional Chinese flair that you can name off the top of your head.  The food is very good but I don't like the chaotic setting.  A guy reach over my table to grab some napkins once.  I should've knock him out.
1 Food was not as good as before and service is awful. We got yelled at when trying to pay for the meal. We will never ever go back again.
4 Congee is my comfort food, when I'm sick, it's what i crave. Today was one of those days. Sick at home with Strep Throat, I craved congee, after a quick search of good "thick" congee in NYC, Big Wong came up. I decided to come. Ordered my go to Congee, thousand year old egg and lean pork. it was SO delicious, thick, warm, gentle on the throat and stomach. a HUGE bowl for around $4. I finished my bowl got another order to go and ordered Singaporean noodles for the husband. Everything together for less than $20. Can't complain! Thank you Big Wong! for being my comfort.
5 Love this place. It's all about the food here. They churn it out fast and are not about the frills. Had the tripe and beef tendon to start. Both really good. It's understandable that tripe is not for everyone, but if you are like me and want to try everything, this tripe dish is better than most I've had.  The beef tendon was flavorful and is a ton of meat. These are listed under the "Appetizer" column of the menu, but are really entree sized portions. Also tried the salted pork chop, roasted pork, roasted duck, veggies, and beef lo mien. The waiters aren't trying to be your friends, so come here with an open mind that it's all about the food and the unbeatable price.
3 It's $5.50 (cash only) for the roast pork over rice these days, and not as good as Wah Fung, but a cheap, satisfying meal if you're craving it.
1 I am not the guys who reviews about the food too much, but this time I have to do so. At Big Wong I got the worst fucking service I ever had. The waiter shout to us, throw a bill and very rude. There was also double standard with American and Asian. Big Wing does not even deserve any tips. I will not come back to this shit and China town again.
5 Big Wong is a Chinatown landmark! There is nowhere else that you can get decent and authentic Chinese food at these prices. Sure its not your upscale and spotless restaurant, but for what it is, I feel like it deserves 5 stars. Having Big Wong relegated to 3.5 stars is detrimental to the restaurant's image because it will cause newcomers to stay away from it. If you don't want Chinatown staples like Big Wong to disappear in 10, 20 years due to gentrification, show support!
4 One of my favorite Cantonese restaurants in NYC (also highly recommend the Imperial Palace in Flushing for crab over sticky rice). Big Wong cooks Chinese dishes the right way: high heat, stir fry in giant iron pan/pot. Very casual dining environment, friendly staff, plus solid Chinese food at reasonable price = solid 4 stars!   Highly recommend the stir-fried lobster with scallions, roasted duck (not as fancy as Decoy, but solid dish that you won't regret!), stir-fried rice noodles, and stir-fried veggies (any kind you like) with garlic.  Cash-only!
3 The he food was excellent, even for a vegetarian meal. Lucky for me I went there with my Chinese friend who ordered in Chinese and assured me the food was great. Indeed it was. Very fresh vegetable soup, vegetarian spring rolls, rice with veggies and other things that I can't describe, except maybe as something like bread with something like white icing, but the whole thing had no sugar in it and tasted somewhat savory.  The place was packed and we did have to wait a little bit before being served, but it was all worth it. We drank a lot of tea and chatted for hours. Crowd thinned out and we were still there. No one ever made us feel like we had to leave.  I would say that if you don't speak Chinese, it might be challenging to understand the waiter and to order from the menu, though it is in English as well as Chinese.
3 Just okay, why am I not surprised (New York Asian food just isn't up to standards really. Either that or Bay Area Asian food has made my standards really high, but who knows). I came here with a friend for a late lunch on a Saturday, and the place was still pretty full at 2:30PM! I got the wonton noodle soup with flat rice noodles and we shared the shrimp rice roll. The wontons were okay, part of it was super floury and not good, and the meat was pretty hard. The noodles were nice and chewy though, and the soup was pretty flavorful. The shrimp rice roll didn't taste very fresh; the rice roll part was pretty mushy, though there were two pieces of shrimp per roll (3 rolls per order). Not expensive for quantity and quality - the noodle soup was $5.50 pre-tax and it was enough to fill me. I may come again to try the BBQ'd meats and congee.
5 A must go restaurant when I am in NYC !  Lobster and sprouts are the best ! The price is good with big portion !
5 I love this place, again for me, dependent on being lucky enough to get a spot.  This is the place to get roasted meats, pork, duck, etc. served over rice with a brown sauce. They have many other items, but when I go I see people from the neighborhood ordering meat, so I do the same.   Nice people, convenient, and delicious reasonably priced food! What's not to like?
4 Great cheap eats!  I was craving for some wonton noodles so I came here on a rainy day.   I ordered the noodles with tripe medley and wontons. It cost a total of $7.81 including tax, and there were lots of slices of beef tripe, and at least 5-6 wontons!  The wontons were pretty good! The fillings consisted of chunky mix of pork, mushroom, and I think some shrimp (?), which I could tell the ingredients apart, which was GOOD! It was NOT a grounded mess of different ingredients like other places. Definitely a much higher quality wontons than what I usually had at 99 ranch market back in California LOL.  The tripe had a perfect texture. Not too chewy but not too soft either. Noodles were egg noodles and broth was light, nothing to talk about though.
4 I've had this bookmarked for ages for Cantonese food, and Port L. suggested it as a family meal for their roast pork. One of my favorite things about eating with my family is the sheer amount of food we're able to try - which was a really good thing here because the roast pork was pretty disappointing. :( We didn't have any problems walking in with a party of 6 on a Saturday night.   Before I get to the food, a minor note: a waiter overheard my parents speaking in a different dialect, and he spoke to them in the same dialect. Apparently my dad asked him what was good and the waiter said "I don't want to lie to you, so I'm not going to say anything. The food's okay. This place caters towards Americans. " LOL. That said ... my brother and I are kinda americanized. :p   + dou miao - We didn't see this on the menu, but Raymond ordered it in Mandarin (snow pea shoots). They were the same quality that I've had them everywhere else.   + eggplant with beef (149) - This was a surprising hit. I've never had eggplant with beef, and the eggplant was the perfect texture - soft but still firm. The beef was a bit too salty but was good tempered with the eggplant. I would definitely recommend this.   + char siu - Aw man, this was so sad. I was really excited that it was warm, but once I chewed and swallowed it, I realized that it was super lean and just ... average. Apparently it wasn't as good as usual.   + soy sauce chicken - Not sure what this is called on the menu because my mom randomly ordered it, but I thought this was also a hit. It's a cold dish, but the chicken is flavorful and tender, and the soy sauce on it was the perfect complement.   + shrimp with candied walnuts - LOL we're so americanized ... :( but Port and I LOVE this dish. The shrimp was crunchy and huge, and the candied walnuts were addictive. Solid.   + beef noodle soup (49) - or is it 46? Either way, we meant to order the eggplant with beef and Port said the wrong number because he misheard. So we didn't mean to get this, but it ended up being pretty good! I wasn't in a noodle mood, though, and it was a bit hard to share.   + chow mein with beef - I love this type of noodle, and this dish was well-done overall. Can't go wrong!   Overall, we had some misses but a few dishes that we loved - so I'd say I'm a fan! I would definitely come back for some tasty cheap eats.
1 Big Wong received a NYC Dept of Health rating of C, the lowest possible rating. Restaurants are required to conspicuously post the ratings. They post it on the door that is kept open so customers can't see it.
3 Yelp you NEVER disappoint lol. Okay so let's start with the beginning but first, just to give you kind of a feel for what it was like dining here--no frills. Think back of the Seinfeld episode with the "Soup Nazi". That's how our waiter was like haha. Not sure if he just had a sarcastic sense of humor but when he took orders, he didn't play around, "This is Chinatown". I wasn't phased but my friends were lol. I ordered the vegetable lo mein--it was bland. While the vegetables were plentiful (which I greatly appreciated), I needed lots of soy sauce and hot spice. Portions were huge--I ate all of it because I don't know I've been craving carbs lately--and meh, boot camp starts tomorrow. BUT...BACK to the food lol. Friends ordered various dishes...ones I recall trying were the duck which was juicy and sauteed eggplant which was cooked just right. Overall, portions were huge, tea was served (tasted like hot water), and the food came quickly.  You could easily do family style. Left the place with fortunte cookies--fortune said, "You will get another fortune (cookie)". Wahhh! Anyways, I tried this place with friends and most likely won't come back--there are other places to dine around the area :)
4 I like to take any out of town friends who want to eat good and cheap Chinese food here. I love getting their wonton noodle soup because it's just the right portion and a really good price. The service is quick and the waiters are usually really nice and friendly, though I'd say you'll enjoy your experience more if you're able to speak Chinese to the wait staff.
5 This place is a gem in Chinatown. Big Wong has been open for over a century and their food never gets old. Although the place may look small, the food that comes from within is delectable. There is a variety of meat as well as dishes ( rice, noodles, congee, and more).   My go to here is the Roast Pork Congee. They give a supple amount of roast pork with Congee. Only $4.75 - this bowl is super worth it.
3 For old school Chinatown eats, it doesn't get older than Big Wong. I remember when they had their Grand Opening when I was a kid. It hasn't changed much over the years, but I think they had a renovation some time ago. Even so, the wallpaper and lighting are showing their age. When you walk in, you're hustled quickly to a table and if you're only 1 or 2 people, you'll likely be sharing a table with 1-2 others.  Despite this, Big Wong still has (arguably) the best roast duck and roast pork in the City. Their menu is mainly quick lunch dishes such as wonton noodles, meat over rice dishes and congee catering to locals that have to grab a quick lunch. Their kitchen is geared towards quick preparation but they will heat up the wok and crank out a Cantonese style twin lobster if you like.   When I sit down, I'll usually go with a bowl of Wonton Noodle soup with either Beef Stew or Roast Duck on a cold winter day. Or maybe a steaming bowl of pork and thousand year egg congee. In the summer, I might go for a triple treasure over rice (soy sauce chicken, roast pork & fried egg). Whatever you order, it comes out quick and you'll be full at a reasonable price.
5 Delicious Authentic Chinese Food for the low. Don't come here if you're looking for servers to cater to you. Come here for the food. I was blown away by the two lobster special. Unlike many other places it was well served and easy to eat. Did not have to struggle a bit to get to the good stuff. Do not bother asking them about particular dishes. That's what yelp is for. Definitely not a place to sit down and loiter for a while. Come here for delicious authentic chinese food.
4 The real deal  If you are looking for a posh, upscale experience, this ain't your place  If I lived in NYC when I was single, I would of taken all my first dates here.   Food is great. Best Fo Hun beef spicy noodles ever. Their soups are Pots, not bowls. Wonton is epic as well as hot and sour.   Crowded, noisy, hectic, not really friendly, but wouldn't have it any other way!  Cash Only!
5 My husband and I have.been coming here for 20 years and it is great 99% of the time but there is always that occasion when they get an F in service anx/or food.  Generally the food is great.    Big Wong has been known for its tasty roasted meats and Cantonese style cuisine. The regular staff is great but there is a heavy set waiter who is not accommodating and lazy.  Last night was the second time he served our table briefly.  Glad he left.
3 The food was fantastic. Not greasy. String beans with garlic, noodle soups, dumplings, roast duck, etc. All great.   Will give it three stars bc of the disgusting bathrooms which is unfortunate but the food was great!
4 Fast, efficient, friendly, and tasty, what more could you ask for. If you have to wait it is usually not too long. They are busy. They have amazing congee, noodles and wontons! Still cheap and good size. They are also extremely fast in service it's pretty amazing. Workers seem to be in sync and are friendly for the most part! The food is just great too. The only thing is the decor is a little old and might not give the clean feel.
1 The service that we had at this restaurant was shockingly bad. Our waiter was incredibly rude to us the entire time we were there. When asked a question about the food, he acted very repulsed and offended, saying that the food there is Americanized and he would never eat food from there. As the last one in our party began to order, he grabbed the menu out of his hands and said that he needed to hurry back to the kitchen. When our waiter brought our food to the table, he threw the plate of egg rolls on the table and one of them clearly rolled onto the table in the process (note: we ordered spring rolls). As our jaws dropped, one of us asked if he could bring us a different one that hadn't touched the table. Somehow, he did not understand our request and, as usual, appeared angry. Some of the items brought to our table were incorrect, however, the food that we did receive was decent. The mediocre food does not compensate for the terrible service.
5 Amazing place! Food was outstanding. Fast pace restaurant so don't be bothered by the hustle and bustle. If you don't like that.... not your place to visit.  But, your loss  totally coming back when I visit New York again.
3 The food was good but the service was very rushed. They even skipped our number and sat other people before they sat us.
1 Avoid! This place has not progressed since 1970. We went due to yelp reviews. The only antiquated item missing from the overpriced menu was chop suey. The menu is geared towards unsuspecting tourists who think it's appropriate to pay $15 for an entree with "gravy"...  We ordered 3 beers and a pork dumpling appetizer.  $25. The dumplings were unappealing and inedible. The beer was cold, but $7? We left. We just couldn't do it. Who are these yelpers  who gave this place good reviews??? Blech!!!!
4 i've been going here since i was a small child in the 80's...  and unfortunately, they really haven't cleaned up much since then....    This place is the definition of a good Greasy Dirty Spoon kind of spot.   it's cheap food that will serve you in a hurry.  the dishes served on rice, the pan fried noodles, and the roast meats are really good.  once you venture away from that, the dishes get a little iffy.    you're not going to get a Michelin star type meal, but you will get full for under 10 bucks (per person) definitely.
1 The waiter was already incredibly rude.  When he took our order, he stopped half way, yelled at other customers to pay tips, took orders for other tables and never came back to us!!! Worst restaurant service I have ever had.
1 food and service is not good. waiters don't care about the customers. quality of dumpling is normal. not recommend for people who want to enjoy Chinese food.  pros price is cheap.  cons not refill tea. lobster is not good quality, sauce have nothing special. customer service is bad.
5 This place has the best Chinese food hands down. I've been coming here for over 20 years and the food has never disappointed. The chicken and the duck are perfect and the roast pork is extremely juicy and filled with flavor. The wonton noodles and "cold dishes served on rice" are the quickest and most delicious things to get if you're in a hurry.   It should be noted that this restaurant is more of a place for people who want a nice fast meal for a cheap price. Sure the inside isn't the cleanest and sure they may have customers share tables but this place gets so many customers that most times people tend to overlook the most important thing which is the food. This place is usually really fast...I can usually be in and out of here in 15 minutes and be really full. Great place!
5 What can I say, it's BIG WONG!!  This place is amazing if you can get over the not so glam and sometimes dirty dining area. $28 for 2 lobsters cooked and served?!  Come on, you can't beat it!
1 Gave this a chance. Sat down with Tsingtao and searched the menu for something, anything from this century. After four or five rounds through the antique plastic pages we got the dumpling appetizers. They look good but no thrill.  Neighbor tables also appeared brown and blah. For a $16 entree in NYC, I expect a higher experience  Losses cut, we ran to flushing for dinner.
3 This is a classic Cantonese restaurant. You get very decent roast meats and congee here. The food is flavorful and the price is reasonable. Don't expect great service here though.
5 I've been coming here since I was really young. I always get the soy sauce chicken + roast pork over soup noodles (yellow mein/egg noodles). The portion size of the soup noodles is a bit too small for me haha. I devour it so fast since it tastes absolutely delicious. It is my go-to Cantonese comfort food whenever I'm in the Chinatown area. I also love their "tang-jai" congee and thousand year old preserved egg w/ pork congee. I'm not too fond of congee, but this place makes it sooo good! The congee is so soft, smooth, and FLUFFY! I don't know if fluffy is the correct term but it feels like my mouth is bouncing on clouds as I eat their congee. I've never gotten their soy sauce chicken and roast pork over rice, but that's also usually my favorite when I don't feel for noodles. It's the same meat but over rice instead of in soup noodles. This is my favorite Cantonese comfort food eatery in Chinatown when I need something quick!
5 You don't come here for the service, you come here for the delicious food! I've been coming here for the past 5 years and love everything. We travel all the way downtown from the upper west just to have the shrimp fried rice and duck! The waiters may be loud but get the takeout instead! Best place in the city, and I've been here 6 years!
1 Came here from a friends recommendation..... however never ever ever coming here.... its the worst service ever...... i was wishy washy when it came to ordering a duck or a chicken but finally decided duck.. and the waiter start screaming u want duck.. D U C K duck ... like umm i know how to spell duck...  worst service ever. Very rude ...   Never coming here again  Stupid fat waiter
4 Absolutely delicious authentic Cantonese food! The wonton soup with roasted pork was amazing as was the 2 lb. lobster special with ginger and scallion sauce for just $28!! Definitely going back next week.
5 Big Wong is my go-to for Cantonese comfort food and is the quintessential Chinatown experience. Its quick-paced and efficient service make it perfect for a quick meal with friends or family. Big Wong also seems less intimidating and more friendly than other traditional restaurants in Chinatown to those who aren't Chinese with very clear menus and helpful servers.  They specialize in Cantonese fare with emphasis on roasted meats, noodles soups, rice and noodle dishes and congee (rice porridge). My favorite items here are the chicken breast porridge, the crispy skin pork, and the stir-fried beef with ho-fun and gravy. Note, the "gravy" mentioned on the menu is your typical deep brown oyster/soy sauce combo, thickened with cornstarch. The congee comes with different things added in like the pork/thousand year egg, roast pork or chicken breast. I know congee is one of the easiest things to make and almost a waste to order at a restaurant but they've never had congee from Big Wong. It is silky smooth, flavorful and just the right thickness - perfect for chilly night and the equivalent of chicken noodle soup when you're sick. The ginger slices always settle uneasy bellies.  The restaurant is utilitarian like most older places on Chinatown but is spacious, comfortable and clean. I love the deep red walls and there is room for groups. I will keep coming back!
4 Good food, good service for a good price. We got the 2 lobsters for $ 28 special. Duck noodle soup, steamed greens and beef chow fun. Total came out to be bout fifty. Speedy service, only luck back was the duck was a bit cold.I dunked it in the soup tho.
1 I have never been more horrified at a restaurant's service. They were beyond rude and served cold food. I will never go back, there are honestly so many great places to eat nearby, I would go anywhere but here.
3 My to go place for some take out roast pork and duck in Chinatown. You have to be aggressive in placing your order because these old ladies will definitely cut ahead of you.  Although, I do think dining in is quite dingy and the bathroom is disgusting.
3 The congee was good but the service was pretty bad and the floor felt like we were skating on grease. Did not feel clean and the people serving made me want to leave as soon as I sat down.
4 I love this place...great food...descent prices...everyone is great there all except for one waiter (big and tall with glasses) who waited on us last Friday who was rude and got annoyed by my question of availability of the rice crepes. He simply said whatever in that part of the menu is not available. Then a minute later I saw someone in another table got a plate of rice crepes. How is it not available? I will still come back but not to deal with this waiter again or he just have to be nicer.
4 Love this spot! My to go Cantonese food. Love the congee and the pan fried noodles!! Delicious!!
3 This is your everyday Cantonese style Chinese food. Their roasted products are great and expect a minimal wait time if you go during a weekend lunch hour. If you have a smaller party, like my mom and I, the wait is almost just 5 minutes. However expect a small table as well (although some might get lucky and get a bigger table). The tables aren't big and depending on where you sit, it might be a bit cramped. However, it is doable.  The reason why this is 3 stars as opposed to 4 is due to the fact that we had to ask for the menu. Normally, a restaurant would hand you a menu as well as seat you but they didn't. When we asked, the waitress just took the two on the table right next to ours. I'm sure the other table ordered but it held a sense of unprofessional-ism. The bathroom was at the basement and it wasn't too dirty but the floors were sticky.   Their food was definitely good. My mom had a simple roast pork noodle soup while I had the roast duck noodle soup. It isn't as definitely good but biting into just fat was blah. However due to their business, it is bound to happen. However, if you're looking for some good cantonese Chinese food, here is a good place to go to.
5 Old school good quality roast pork and 3 meat over rice. It's a good spot to stop by for a quick lunch.
5 Finally! after all the conspiracies against my getting back here for the past 11 years, I finally got my bowl of char siu wonton noodle soup. Dang, why was that so hard? I've been in front of the restaurant so many times when my friends dragged me off to other spots literally a few feet way.  When I finally got in on a rainy Sunday, I was seated quickly, and the food came out in a jiffy. Tasty, great value for the money. The noodles were fine as were the wontons. The meat's the star here, with tasty juicy and fatty Char Siu. Yum.  As warned elsewhere, don't come here for the service and ambience. I was "passing" since my Cantonese is atrocious. They treated me as gruffly and efficiently as everyone else.  One more time: you are here for the bbq meats!
4 Come here for Cantonese style comfort food. I ordered the century egg and salty pork congee and a plate of rice noodles (Cheung fun). The congee has very clean flavors and you do not feel overly thirsty afterwards as with some Chinese joints. No strong white pepper overtones as well which is another solid plus - I always think the chefs use this as a way to mask the lack of fresh ingredients.   The service is fast and friendly. Of course, I was speaking Cantonese which probably helped.
3 This is my 4th time visiting Big Wong and my 1st time being disappointed by it.   You have to understand that when you come to Big Wong the staff won't be super friendly, it's just a trend that I've noticed amongst restaurants in Chinatown. Either way, I could care less about that if the food is delicious.   Things I've tried:  - Vegetable Lo Mein: The first dish I ever tried here, and the dish that always made me want to come back. Fresh noodles with crunchy and fresh veggies! Simple & amazing. Enough for 2-4 people, depending on how hungry you are.   -Roast Pork: Tender pork that is seasoned perfectly.   - Beef Lo Mein: Nowhere near as good as the vegetable lo mein. Not horrible but not great. I was surprised that there was no vegetables.. pretty boring.  - Peking Duck: I am NOT a fan of duck... However, my brother ordered the  1/2 Peking duck and after taking a bite of it prepared (in a steamed bun with hoisin sauce) I am now a Peking duck FANATIC!!! Worth every penny.   Would I come here again.......... no, I'd probably go somewhere else.
4 Visiting NYC. Had to go to Chinatown for lunch. Awesome food , good service. Great prices
2 So many I know have eaten here.  I finally got motivated to come because my friend invited me to join them.  Service: Rude and rushed  Food: lobster in ginger and scallion good (mushy)            Soy sauce chicken - good  Bathroom - messy with toilet paper flowing out of the garbage.  Health Grade:  I walk out of the restaurant, and they have the door wide open which you cannot close, hiding the grade C.  The good review showing was back in 2007.  C is a bad grade given by the health department.  It's like an F.   I hope I do not get sick.  The floor was greasy that I skipped and almost fell in the back but maintained my balance.  Going out, the area was still slippery for my shoes so I was careful.
1 I politely asked the larger, taller waiter for his recommendations. Immediately raised his voice saying "don't ask about the chicken because we are authentic, this is not the countryside, we are a Cantonese restaurant and you are in Chinatown!" He walked away, I called him back over and he said "I can't recommend anything for you because you're American and we have different taste." He was extremely rude is his mannerisms and was clearly racist against Americans and/or white people. Nobody has ever treated me like this. My wife and I left immediately, extremely disappointed and infuriated.
4 I was disappointed in not seeing the old guys behind the register but the food is the same deliciousness. Still my favorite spare ribs, roast pork congee in the area.
3 Food was ok and authentic.. for Chinatown. We had the General Chicken and Sweet and Sour Pork. Food was edible and cheep. Not sure I would go back on my next vacation but I could see it being a regular spot if I lived near by.  They specialize in duck and lobster which I had neither.   I would describe the atmosphere as divvy.  Service was friendly and quick.
4 The BF has an everlasting love for Big Wong.  He had taken me for my first time about two years ago, and being unfamiliar with the Chinatown area / roasted duck... I wasn't too happy.  Since then, he's probably asked if we could go maybe 50 times (at least), and each time I would lure him away from it.  Now that I've lived by Chinatown for almost a year and experienced all the wonderful things it has to offer, it was time to give Big Wong another chance and satisfy the BF's duck and soup craving.    I have to say I really enjoyed our experience this time around.  We ordered a bit too much food, but everything I tried was good.  To start, I had the roasted pork congee and the BF had the noodle/dumpling soup.  Please note that the congee is definitely not a suitable appetizer for one.  It's a big and filling rice porridge with lots of meat - meant to share between a few people or be eaten as an entire meal on its own.  With that said, I felt bad only having a full spoonfuls and wasting the rest.  Continuing on.. we shared a dry noodle dish that was topped with more dumplings (yummy) and Chinese steamed veggies in an oyster sauce (even yummier).  For my entree, I had the appetizer portion of the soy sauce chicken (served cold / opted for white meat) and the BF had the warm roasted duck.  As mentioned before, we ordered a little too much food - but hey it was a Saturday night and we were living it up!    The food was good, simple, and satisfying.  I'm glad I gave it a second shot - will definitely be back more often!
1 Food:2/5 Service:0/5 Decor:1/5  Awful service from the moment we were seated. The staff threw the dishes in our table and was very rude when we asked questions about the menu.   The food wasn't that good either. We had egg rolls for appetizers and they were greasy.  For entrees, we had chinese beef and general's chicken with fried rice, the amount was good, if you don't eat much, you will take some home. (We had to take the leftovers in the baskets by ourselves, bummer).  We're  never coming back to this place.
2 Asked for more sauce,  they gave no sauce,  and no vegetables accompanied the roast pork over rice.  Slacking!!!
2 Just ate here for lunch today. The food is cheap and it came out super quick. The portion size of the food was reasonable and a lot of meat.  However if you're looking for good service,  don't ever come here. When the bill came,  there was a mistake where they added a extra dish so I told the waiter to fix it. When I said "excuse me" to get his attention,  he answered "what???" as in "what do you want now?" type of tone. He then took a look at the bill and scribble the prices on a different piece of paper and told me the total. I asked if I can get a new receipt but he keep rejecting it saying no just give him the money. He was so rude when I was just politely asking. I didn't even know if he did the math right but considering it was a few bucks difference I just end up giving him whatever he asked for.  He said it was 25.90 and just give him 26. He never even bother asking if i wanted my change back but just demanded the amount. It's not the money that I am annoyed about - it is the service that really bothered me.  After I handed him 26 dollars,  he just repeated twice for me to put the tips on the table. He never came back to us with a receipt or anything. The service was so horrible... I would never forget this place.
4 Big wong never disappoints.  I've been coming here since college... I love the 3 treasure rice. (Roast duck and fatty roast pork with a fried egg)
3 Me: What's cheap and good in your neck of the woods?  Friend: Let's eat at Big Wong Me: (Search this online- double check this is not a dirty joke. Otherwise, i need a comeback remark). Seems solid- See you tomorrow  The standout dish for me was the crispy fried noodles with beef and vegetables. You generally mixed it all up so the sauce spread itself thru out the food. It was very flavorful and delicious in my book. Probably the best I had in Chinatown. I also ordered the roast pork and roast duck as well. The roast duck was on the fatty side (not my preference). The roast pork wasn't as flavorful. There are better roast pork and roast duck out there in the neighborhood. However, Big Wong serve it's purpose as cheap and good.
4 One of those places in Chinatown where the food is inexpensive and good. Not a place to go for decor, but if you want decent authentic Cantonese food that's served quick, this is a pretty good choice. I went for breakfast and got a bowl of congee and some shrimp wrapped in rice noodles for like 8 bucks. Both were pretty decent. Would go back to try some of the other items.
5 This is been told from of the Chinese people who we came here that this is the place to eat when in china town.   The dishes are very authentic and tasty. We are lucky to get in here without a line cause I was told this place always has a wait. Oh, the food it's Cantonese style and it was so delicious.
5 Can you find a better place to enjoy a traditional meal in Chinatown? Probably yes. But Big Wong is hands-down your quintessential Chinatown experience. From the moment you step into Big Wong, passing by glossy and glazed char siu behind the glass and greeted by a waiter from faraway already taking order at another table, to sitting down at its many old-style tables, you know you are in for a classic treat. I come back to Big Wong time after time because they simply serve the best roasted meat in Chinatown.   My all-time favorite dish at Big Wong is the roasted duck. Underneath a thick layer of skin and fat, the meat is perfectly roasted and absolutely succulent. A bowl of rice or congee usually goes really well here as it catches the flavors of remaining duck oil, which is another delight by itself. The char siu here is also a classic hit; it has a good combination of sweet-soy taste and being moist inside that can only come from hours of roasting. This over rice is my go-to lunch choice whenever I stop by. Finally, another crowd pleaser is the twin lobster prepared in scallion and garlic. The somewhat oily texture lends to tender and chewy meat, while also sealing the flavor of the lobster inside. At Big Wong, there are no shortage of traditional Cantonese dishes to recommend. But underlying them all is a classic and consistent way to prepare the food that has become a rare form in New York.  Unfortunately, it's price has also kept pace with its growing popularity and to a lesser extent, inflation. But when it comes to char siu and other Cantonese roasted meat, traditions reigns at Big Wong!
5 So our group stopped by, starving and simply were looking for some authentic Chinese food to feed our hunger. Big Wong was the first place came into mind. Signature dishes include the Peking duck (well marinated with duck skin exhibited a perfect crispy texture!) and the sautéed lobster with garlic and scallion (hmm I simply could not help but to eat more and more). This is absolutely one of those better Chinese places, even in Chinatown!  The only drawback was that this place is cash-only, so you always prefer to make sure you have carried enough bill to pay the check. Even though they did provide ATM machine at the corner, there's always a (high) transaction fee being charged.
4 This restaurant is my go-to place when I want some roast pork on rice ($5.50). They're usually pretty busy around lunch time but their service is quick. Don't expect stellar service but they are fast and efficient. They've been around for quite some time and have continually maintained the quality of their food.
5 I'm a Hong Kong native, and mark my words when I say this place is good. Great price for huge portions. Friendly staff too!
4 Big Wong gets a Big Dong for service, but the food is banging.  See what I did there?   Party of two round eyes got the typical bad service compared to the Asian customers.  Food was great but had wait to write review since the duck which was ordered didn't arrive at the table until the bill was questioned.  Duck on bill but not on table!
3 Food: good, very filling and good for lunch Service: Okay Noise level: bit loud as usual Additional comments: Better than most Cantonese places, authentic, the plates given to us were dirty and we asked for new plates
5 Growing up eating chinese take outs and chinese home made meals, this place really hits home.  Their vegetables are well cooked and well chosen. The chicken is so moist and well marinated with the perfect side garlic sauce. The congee is one of the best and really comes flavourful - I hope they had powdered pepper on the table. Their wonton soup is amazing and deserves more sips and orders!   The service here is definitely amazing, the waiter and waitress will come running to you when you leave your bag behind! Also they are very accommodating with order changes. This place was definitely a great go!
3 Friday night came in with a girlfriend at around 9pm. this place is 24hours which is amazing except we sat down and ordered a common dish, roast pork, and it was sold out! settled for the ribs which has the "same" flavor except annoying to get off the bone and kept getting stuck in our teeth. Not as tasty as the boneless yet 10x more annoying to eat. Half orders of meat (roast pork, duck, chicken) were all $7.50. We also settled on the young chow fried rice (peas, egg, shrimp, roast pork) the flavor was good but the could've had more wok heat. Portions were good except the $5 plate of green veggies. There were no other options of just vegetables that were less than $11. Wish the meat came with some cooked cabbage that some places provide with the meat over it
4 I came here with my family for some late breakfast. We tried their Peking duck and order some wonton soup. The soup was seasoned very well and was delicious. They Peking duck was also good. Crispy skin and not too much fat. They service was okay. Had to ask for water like 5 time before they gave it to us.
3 Food: 3.5/5.0 Service: 2.5/5.0 Value: 3.0/5.0 Decor: 2.0/5.0 Overall: 3.5/5.0   Decent Cantonese spot on Mott street serving everything you'd expect - BBQ meats, wonton noodles, and traditional a la carte dishes.  The food isn't great and the meats could sometimes be oversalted, but not a bad spot for a more homey meal.  This place is better for the sub-$10 rice/noodle dishes; for a la carte I prefer *o* **e just a little further south on Mott.  Service is a little gruff especially given how understaffed they are, but don't take it personally.  More like a high ***.
4 Went to Big Wong King several times, including once during the Chinese New Year.  It never disappoints.  Standard Chinese fare, but done very well, fast service, reasonable prices.  Reminds me of the old-school Chinese places that were in this area in the 70's.
5 My go-to for roast meats and sauteed greens on rice. A Classic.
3 I visited New York with my family and came across this restaurant in Chinatown. We wanted Chinese food so we decided to give this restaurant a try.   SERVICE: I thought service was pretty bad. I mean it took a while to get seated and took awhile to get menus on our table.. Waiter was pretty rude and talked over my mom.. I mean what?   FOOD: Food was okay, I thought the prices were a bit high.. but then again, we're in New York so the prices are probably different compared to what we're used to back home. We really wanted roast duck so we got that along with soy sauce chicken and other dishes. I thought the food was fairly good.   LOCATION: This place is pretty close to the subway stop. I'm not from here so I don't remember what stop, but I can remember that it was really easy to find. It was in a smaller alley.   OVERALL: I would say come try if you're craving Chinese food, but don't expect too much.
5 All time favorite of mine for the past 35 years! Consistent quality for all Chinese dishes I grew up with. Juicy and tender roast duck, fried rice, cha siu noodles, fried flounder, sweet and sour pork... Their twin lobster special is a must have!  Super efficient and brisk severs are part of its charm.  Basic decor.. Your here for the food, not for atmosphere.
5 So I ordered roast duck rice plus signature veggies on the top of it. What can I say?! It is brilliant and tasty. Consider that i'm a Cantonese cuisine lover and usually a critic, this restaurant is worth to go. I think I'm gonna try their house-distinguished wonton soup with roast duck on top of it.  One thing for everybody except Cantonese is that they are not that familiar with either Chinese nor English. So please try hard to communicate! Otherwise, enjoy yelpers~
4 When you want to pay homage to the homeland - this is a great place to do it. A friend and I had cravings for Chinese breakfasts of our childhood so we stopped by for some youtiao and porridge. Big portions, super affordable too!
5 My favorite spot in Chinatown honestly. Roast pork and roast duck are absolutely delicious . Affordable and delicious , plenty of seating . Cash only - only con.
5 Omg this is one of the best places I ever had for Pidan pork soup... Their roast duck is incredible, I highly recommend this place.
3 Ehhh... about par for the course in Chinatown. The duck and BBQ pork were decent, though the duck seemed overly greasy. The snow pea tendril was below average, and the fried noodle dish we had was also lacking in flavor. We did have a pretty good roast chicken dish.  Typical Chinatown ambiance and service (that's to say- they both sucked). All-in-all there are much better options in Chinatown. We wouldn't return.
4 Hole in the wall but very good food. Beef chow fun has the smoky wok flavor. Congee is tasty and a bit salty but I don't mind. Ginger salt oil sauce was good. Vegetables were done right. Chicken was ok... I'm not a fan of cold food.
4 Great, consistent Chinese food. My parents came here on dates 30 years ago, and they still love it. There's a reason. The service is always rushed, but it's also the quickest turn around after ordering I've ever seen. My favorite it the beef brisket noodle soup; it's chock full of meet and their noodles are always perfect. I haven't found a better place for basic noodle soup than this one.
4 This is one of the best homemade Chinese food. You get the best bang for you buck here. Portions are generous and food is always always fresh. Everything is made in the morning and if you come later in the afternoon somethings may be sold out. I love the crispy baby pork, the barbecue pork, the soup noodles and the congee. Highly recommend the congee.
4 A typical Hong Kong restaurant.. Non hospitable waiters, and nothing fancy.  The roast meats (roast duck & roast chicken) were quite yummy, we enjoyed their wonton soup too. Prices were decent, i.e. Roast duck rice for under $7, but without a side of veggies, so we have to order extra veggies.
4 My mom has been coming here for YEARS and has a lot of positive stories to share about the place. We come here to satisfy congee cravings usually.  Today we got seafood congee ($6 for a pretty large portion). It had fish cake, shrimp, fish, squid etc inside of it as well as peanuts and green onions on top. Also ordered the steamed vegetables with oyster sauce and a fried chinese donut on the side to eat with the congee.   Super filling meals for great prices! I love it.
5 Been coming here with my family since I was a little kid and have always loved it. The wonton soup is SO good and they have this sweet bread that tastes amazing with it. All the other food is usually delicious and fresh. I recommend the lobster with ginger and scallions. The service is super quick and it's really affordable. Definitely worth the trip!
1 I've been coming here for a long time because of nostalgia and the tasty food. However, I was disturbed this past Monday as a watched a cook near the front of the restaurant violently spew water and saliva into a sink. The salvia tangled and hung from his nose towards the sink as he was done and consequently used his hand to wipe his mouth. I was disgusted and spoke to the register lady. She explained that the cook had a toothache. I have no choice but to assume a pattern of uncleanness across staff and will not be returning unfortunately.
3 My family has been taking me here since I was a child. Now that I am older and making my own money I come every now and then on my own.  The food here is amazing. It is always fresh and portions exceed the price which is always a plus when eating out.   My only problem is that the servers are rude. My mother and I came in very early one day and they offered a table that was too close to another table. We decided to shift it just a little and two servers began yelling at us. They had not wanted us to move it and drop the items that were at the end of the table, but they literally screamed at us! When we explained that one of us will not fit on one side, they misunderstood and said "how can one not fit if it is a table for four."   I might just do take out orders from now on.
5 Do not have second thoughts about the rice porridge, it is extremely good, definitely try it. I also had the spicy canton noodles. New favorite Chinatown restaurant
3 Big Wong's has been around for ages, still boasting wonton noodles, fisherman's congee, fried dough, beef and flat noodles, and BBQ pork/soy sauce chicken/spare ribs on rice.   While there are some familiar faces, the original kitchen staff has moved on to newer locations (Wing Wong etc.) and the quality and consistency of BW has dwindled and now rests at the "satisfactory" level.   Still a decent place to go if you're looking for something in the $6-$12 dollar range with the same number of minutes to spare in the heart of Chinatown.
4 I love Big Wong! It's just so simple-- affordable Chinese food that tastes good. I mean, I normally don't like going out for Chinese food because it's usually too takeouty or for the reason that there are too many options out there, why eat something I make at home normally? But for some reason, Big Wong is nice enough so that I don't mind eating out for Chinese (oh and the prices, you just can't beat it!!) and would choose it over other cuisines (if the cravings are right).  I generally eat the pei dan shou rou congee (1000 year old egg and pork congee) or the cha siew fan/noodle (pork rice or noodle). They all have that nice "authentic" taste :)  The service here is quick and easy-- you order, it comes, and occasionally you get water refilled. Typical.  I like it. I come here all the time unless I am craving HK  cafe styled food.  So ya, simple review for a simple restaurant :)  P.S. Even though they close at 23:00, the cha siew will run out earlier than that and I think they stop taking in customers by 22:30ish depending on the amount of customers and the day of the week.
2 Roasted pork was just ok, but the roasted duck was tender and favor full. Liked how the meats weren't salty like other places.
2 Maybe I have been spoiled by living 2.5 hour drive away from Richmond, British Columbia but my taste buds for Chinese food in NY isn't so great in comparison to what I've experienced in Canada.  Sure the spareribs and duck was good but I can't say it's noteworthy or the best I've had in my life.  I'm sure I'll never go back to this restaurant to eat it again.  My husband loved his experience more than me but this is my take on the restaurant.  I ordered the wonton and beef tendon noodle soup.  It wasn't spectacular but the noodle portion was generous.  We also had vegetables which were green beans and pea vine.  The pea vine was good but the green beans terrible as it was dry and old.  My husband went crazy and ordered a bowl of congee which was okay but the Chinese donut was huge!  They make all their Chinese donuts in advance and the gross thing is it is sitting everywhere in the kitchen on top of each other up by the ceiling.  This isn't a clean restaurant so I can't imagine what could land on them.    The bathroom has seen better days.  Located down the basement in grossness.  This restaurant seems popular by the NY dinner time so if you come here like I did at 5:30 there will only be 3 tables filled.  By 7:30 the restaurant was busier.
5 A causal place, a cheap eats, or a lobster heaven. However you call it, Big Wong King is a must go for excellent Canton cooking. Two lobsters for only $28. Wow! You cannot beat that. And the Chinese BBQ is another major attraction. Great for dining with friends and families. Plus foodies that like it real ;)
5 Cheap & good canto food just like in Hong Kong.  If you want super welcoming service or a fancy environment this place is probably not for you, but if you want some cheap authentic won ton noodle soup or other standard HK dishes for a quick lunch for less than 10 bucks this is the place to go!
4 Feeling down and need some comfort food? Look no further! Order a giant tub of Congee (A huge quart) for $5. Walk right in and keep to your left. Order your congee with the waitress behind the counter. If you go in the afternoon there may be some other things that are on sale, be sure to peep the counter to see if any other goodies are there. Pardon my manners if you don't know what congee is. It's like a porridge with hints of ginger, scallion, and your choice of additional ingredients like roast duck, broiled chicken, etc. It is awesome and worth the price.
5 Love love love the duck and spare rib noodle soup. The broth is DELISH!!! The place may seem divey at first, but Geist that the food here is good!!! $7 for a large container - not bad!  Also the steamed veggies with oyster sauce is very good.
5 The white chicken is just amazing.  The eggplant is too salty and oilly. overall really good price and good taste.
5 Every time I'm in Chinatown and craving wonton noodles and roast pork, this is definitely my go-to restaurant.   The food is served very quickly. The waiters refill your tea immediately after you finish your last sip and they're always nearby to give you whatever else you need, whether it's another bowl or another cup.   If you want to have reasonably priced and good tasting Chinese food, this is definitely the place to go.
1 I was super excited to try this place for awhile but was really disappointed when I had a combo of Roast Duck & Chicken on Rice to go today.  The bottom of the take-out container was not only full of white rice, but the soy sauce chicken was RAW.  Funny how they never corrected that since they do chopped the meat before putting in into the container.    I felt sick after seeing the raw chicken so there was that for $7.25 lunch full of rice.   I would hope that it was a one-time deal but considering what they specialize is roast meat, I probably won't be coming back here.  I don't think the value is all that great considering they made sure to give you tiny pieces.
1 They've changed ownership. It's no longer run by the same people as before and as a result, the food has gotten worse. What a pity. The congee is almost all starch nowadays. Won't be coming back.
4 Great Chinatown restaurant.  Fast turnover.  Huge portions of some of the best food. Low low prices . Lots of locals. 2 Lobsters for  $28. You can't beat that. One of my goto places in Chinatown
2 Not a good place for me. The roast duck was ok but the sweet and sour pork was trash.
4 Authentic cha siu and very very tasty. The pricing cannot be better. Highly recommend if you want traditional Hong Kong food.
5 This place serves some of the best roast meats Ive ever had anywhere in the world!!! Haha...( I've not been to that many places tbh)... Love their duck, chicken, and pork. Their roast pork is out of this world, moist and not dry with a light smokey crispness.  Must try!
5 We ate fried pork chop, lychee duck, and a plethora of other foods family style. At first we thought the dishes were a little pricey until we saw the huge portions that the dishes came in. Food was so good that our group stayed there for 2 hours eating. Would highly recommend. Best Chinese food I've had in a long time.
4 Amazing place for traditional Chinese food. Have been coming here for 40+ years. BBQ meats are excellently prepared, roast duck is delicious.  Orders have gotten smaller through the years.
4 THIS PLACE IS A STAR IN DIRTY CHINATOWN. i mean the duck is bomb and i ordered pork plus duck on rice. AND THE DUCK WAS ALL BONES I MEAN R U SERIOUS I GAVE IT TO MY MOM BC SHE ACTUALLY LIKES BONES BUT R U FORREAL LIKE EVEN THO THIS WAS CHEAP R U KIDDING ME. id still eat here tho because is good. my favorite part about mean is the skin bc skin. anyways even tho there was only bones the skin was still bomb also this oil stick thingy covered with like rice paper was rlly bomb too so even tho you only get skin and bones it's still good i would definitely eat here again.
2 Excited for the roasted duck - almost entirely bones and fat though and even some pieces had zero meat on them (though deceptive when viewed from the top)
5 Roast pork is legendary..what can I say.  Roast duck is a bit salty - the Soy Sauce chicken is excellent.  The wanton noodle tastes as good as those in Toronto.
4 Came here for the wonton soup! I got the roast duck and wonton noodle soup ($7). Overall it was pretty tasty. The duck is basically 90% fat vs. other places where it's like 60-70% so beware. I am usually a fan of the fat but it was bit much in this case. Wontons were decent.   This place is pretty legit with cheap prices!
3 Just so so, the  crepe was cooked using a microwave oven............ The eggplant's flavor is not bad, but not good either, I don't even wanna take it home...  And cash only...is another weird reason that I don't like most Chinatown restaurant.........
4 Very good place near the D train in Chinatown (Grand stop).  It was my friend's recommendation and I was very thrilled with my beef chow fun.  The noodles were rich but more than worth it and the beef was perfectly fried.  It was a gigantic portion for only $8.  I would go back to try their dumplings, which looked very fresh and appealing.
4 I have been eating here for over 25 years since I was a kid. Solid Cantonese roasted delicacies (duck, pork, soy sauce chicken) and best congee around. Their beef chow fun (with gravy or dry) is always good. Wonton noodles are always on point. Great casual place for a quick, very satisfying meal at reasonable prices. Also good for take out.
4 Great authentic old school Chinatown. Very good roast pork and roast duck. The place is always busy . Not my first choice but very good.
4 CASH ONLY place. Egg drop soup was delicious. We ordered general tso's and shrimp broccoli to share- both were very tasty. Fresh and came out fast. Good spot.
5 One of the best places for Chinese foods in Chinatown. The roast section is as legit as it gets; authentic and flavorful chick, duck, pork, ribs, etc. Congee is always on point and is never watery like most places. I don't think I've had a dish here I didn't like.   SUPER touristy, on a regular day, you'll find this place packed with tourists wanting to try out some of the ducks hanging by the window. The service is quick but the lines are usually long. Nothing you can't bear for good food. My favorite is the ginger scallion sauce that comes with the rice. For $6, the ricebox definitely fills you up.
4 My to go for Congee and wonton soup with duck. Good price, fast service. Took one star off for the hair sometimes appear on your food!
4 Excellent barbecued spare ribs.  Ask for hot sauce; unique and delicious.   Inexpensive.
3 After jonesing for duck and perusing the pictures posted by fellow Yelpers (and drooling, frankly), a friend and I decided to drop in on a Saturday night. Figuring we'd be waiting in line, we hurried in... only to find it nearly empty. So far, so good though. Service was prompt and incredibly friendly, and when our food came out it looked simply stunning. The soup with dinner was salty but tasty, but arguably was the best part of the meal. We both ordered the Duck on Hong Kong Style Lo Mein. The duck tasted like... basically nothing, though the skin was crisp. It was bland, a little oversalted, and tasted like a fast food ... bird. The noodles were a little bland and soggy under the veggies. Though it looked delicious, maybe we came on an off night or got a bad duck but it was simply underwhelming. We were expecting miracles for the amount of five stars on Yelp.  The veggie egg rolls were on point, though! The prices were cheap as hell though, so it might be worth a second stop if we're ever in the area and there's no line. Willing to give it a second chance for the price alone.
4 If you know a better place in NYC to get my Hong Kong food fix let me know.
5 The food here is delicious and totally worth it.  The soup dumplings are soooo good and the broth inside was very flavorful.  We also really liked the shu mai and the Dan Dan noodles.   Only bummer is that there was no outdoor dining.   Definitely check this place out!
5 Oh my god. The Bao's food is extremely addicting. They only serve beer, wine, and sake, but that's all you need! The MaPo Tofu is the best MaPo I've ever had. Get the scallion pancakes, stir fry green beans, MaPo tofu, and Shanghai noodles. You will no be disappointed. If you have room, get the chocolate bao to treat yourself!
5 Such delicious food! Everything we ate was delicious and the sake was also amazing! Our waiter Keno was the best and gave great recommendations!
5 Totally love the mapo tofu; I love how spicy it is and how the spice actually have flavors that hit the tongue really nice. Duck scallion pancake was phenomenal, it was crunchy and rich with duck flavor with the hoisin sauce complimenting the dish.
4 I was in desperate need for soup dumplings so to The Bao I went. I haven't been here since before the pandemic so it was sad to see this place empty. The tables are nicely separated and they have a few tables outside in private igloo type tents. Very covid friendly.   We ordered two Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao (the og pork soup dumplings), Har Gow (steamed whole shrimp dumplings) and Wontons in Chili Oil. I am obsessed with the wontons in chili oil. Not hot at all, but very tasty. I could eat 100 of these and still want more. The soup dumplings were okay. Both trays had at least two broken soup dumplings, so no soup  but overall the taste was good. Not as amazing as I remember but good. The Har Gow was something my friend wanted to order, I probably wouldn't go for it again, just not in my taste but good as well.
5 I am SO HAPPY that this place survived the pandemic and that they are now open for indoor dining and outdoor seating. If you must know, this restaurant got me Yelping again and is the first restaurant I reviewed that got me into this whole Yelp Elite Squad. So Yelp, you've got The Bao to thank!  I have wonderful memories here - my cousin and I frequently ate here when we were both still single, we took her boyfriend here when they just started dating, and now we took my boyfriend here. We all love this place!  A few recommendations: Crab meat xiao long bao is my fave among the xiao long bao's For spicy appetizers: cucumber salad is a must try Entrees: Dandan noodles is a staple for us (spicy!) Tofu with minced pork Sauteed bok choy  Happy eating!
4 Came here about 3 weeks ago for the first time with 2 friends. I'm deducting a star because the service was pretty bad that night. To sum up the service - It took about 10 min before anyone came to take our drink order. They then forgot 2 of our rose milk tea drinks (and forgot to tell us they were out of them) and they also forgot one of our food items (the pork soup dumplings). Then they charged us for the 2 drinks they forgot at the end. They didn't offer a drink on the house or anything to excuse the mixups.  We ordered the Mapo Tofu, Sautéed Bok Choy, Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles and the Pork Soup Dumplings. Despite the wonky service - everything was really delicious, including my champagne milk tea drink. I would return if I was in the area to give them another chance and possibly redeem their service.
5 This spot is always a destination when we come into the city.  Some of best soup dumplings with nice thin wrappers and a variety of fillings.  The variety box itself was a fun treat.  The clear tents that are perfectly warm with direct sun during the lunch hours were awesome during these crazy times.  Genuine service.  Have had their veggie dishes on other occasions, which have always been fresh and delicious. Yes, somewhat overpriced compared to other options in the city but can't compare given the location and quality.  Can't wait to comeback!
4 i was skeptical of trying this place out, but i was actually blown away by basically everything. this place does shanghainese cuisine extremely well, and i couldn't have been happier with my experience here.  -they're available for delivery on grubhub and seamless.  -they had a large outdoor dining area over the summer. they've also added heaters right now for the wintertime.  -i believe they accept both cash and card payments. -the staff were welcoming, and we had a couple of friendly interactions with them.  -we waited around 15 minutes for our food, which wasn't much time at all.  9/4/20 -cucumber, wood ear, and peanuts salad: we got a dish of vegetables for balance, but it wasn't anything that special. the salad was marinated in some type of garlic sauce, which was pretty tasty. the portion wasn't large enough for its price of $14. (3.5/5) -dan dan noodle: i was hesitant to order this, but it seemed like a popular menu item. unfortunately, the sauce was still too spicy for me to handle. the noodles themselves were chewy and had a nice texture to them. $11 isn't that bad of a price, considering they gave a fair amount. i wish that there was more pork and veggies on top though. (3/5) -five kinds of dim sum: these 5 dumplings each came with a different filling  of pork, chicken, vegetable, shrimp, or sticky rice. the dumplings skin was chewy, but and had just the right amount of thickness. the pork, vegetable, and chicken dumplings could've been more flavorful, and their fillings were just mediocre in taste. the shrimp was somewhat good; but, my favorite out of all of them was the sticky rice dumpling, since i've never had something like it before. the dish was around $10, but i didn't think it was really worth it. if you want to try a bit of everything, i suggest you order this. (3.5/5) -kung fu xiao long bao: i was pleasantly surprised by how great these were! the dumpling skin was thin and chewy, just how i like it. the soup and pork filling were flavorful, and each bite was delicious. they dumplings were pretty standard in size, an order comes with 6 pieces for about $10. (4/5) -scallion pancake with sliced beef: this was hands down one of the best things that i've ever had in my entire life. this dish is exactly what it sounds like; its a scallion pancake wrapped around some slices of beef. the scallion pancake wasn't too oily, and it had a nice crispy exterior. the beef inside was marinated so incredibly well, and it was cooked to the right amount of tenderness. the sauce that they used in this reminded me of peking duck sauce, making every single bite taste perfect. this was kind of small in size, but they cut it into 4 pieces so that it's easily shareable. i seriously still can't get over how amazing this was, and i didn't regret paying $14 for it at all. (5/5)  overall, i definitely would've given this place 4.5 stars. although their food isn't necessarily overpriced, their portion sizes are on the smaller side. i'd be open to coming back sometime in the future.  my favorites that i would recommend you must try would be the kung fu xiao long bao and scallion pancake with sliced beef.
4 Great service!! The outdoor seating was cute and very warm. If you like spicy, give this place a shot.
5 I absolutely adore soup dumplings!! So when I visit New York I always make it a priority to get some. This trip I tried a few new places but The Bao is now at the top of my list. The skin of the dumpling was perfectly thin. The broth was flavorful and pipping hot. They have a great variety of fillings.   It was a cold day so these little pockets full of deliciousness were so welcomed. Plus since it was my birthday we had so sparkling sake to go along with it. The dumplings were so delicious. The most surprising one was the salted egg which is in the yellow dumpling. It was like a really soft scrambled egg yolk. It was delicious. I highly recommend getting the colorful option so you can try multiple fillings.   So if your in the city and wanting some delicious soup dumplings you have to try out The Bao.
4 I thought this was very good Chinese delivery that I had for my sad Jewish Christmas this year alone. I ended up getting the General Tso's chicken (which did come with white rice despite not advertised as such!!) and the spicy dumplings. Everything came to around $30 with tax and tip which of course is a little pricy for unfussy Chinese delivery, but I was impressed with the quality of the food.  The dumplings were good although unimpressive and I would skip them next time. At $9 or so I was expecting more - my standard for dumplings in hot chili oil stays high thanks to Xian's and Cafe China, but they weren't bad, just missable. The sauce served as a nice complement to the extra rice I ordered.  The General Tso's was notably good - it's easy to hit the mark when Americanized Chinese delivery in NYC is generally so, so bad (why??? we do everything else well) but it was good quality chicken not overwhelmed by gross breading or grizzly pieces of dark meat with a good, flavorful sauce and a few pieces of half-decent broccoli. For what it's worth, the white rice was also good..so good, in fact, that I'm glad I ordered extra erroneously.  All in all, great Chinese delivery. Not an area NYC excels in. And also not something I crave often given the abundance of other wonderful food. But I'm glad I tried it, and it hit my Christmas craving.
5 The Bao is my go-to favorite Chinese spot for delivery.   The Kung fu Xiao Bao (soup dumplings) with pork are heavenly and although I've had 1 every so often leak when being delivered the flavor and taste is just so mouthwateringly delicious. Usually get 2 orders for 2 of us because we can't fathom just splitting 6.  Another must for ordering is the ShangHai Pan Fried Noodles.  To finish, we ether get the Beef & Broccoli or General Yao's Chicken and (although not advertised, comes with rice) .  By the end it is a little pricey since the soup dimpled are $10 an order and aren't super filling but totally worth
4 Love this place for dining in (pre covid) and during. During covid they still had takeaway, which I appreciated. I took away xiao long bao for a 20 min train ride and it was still amazing when I finally was able to eat it. It's a worthy place during covid times and non covid times.
5 delicious meal! loved the soup dumplings and dan dan noodles definitely some of the best in st.marks!
5 I've admittedly struck out a few times menu-wise here, but once I got something I knew I was in the mood for, The Bao is a delight. My best meal I've gotten is the Kung Pao Jumbo Shrimp, with the vegetables being delicious and the sauce even better. The shrimp were cooked perfectly too and it was a huge potion perfect for leftovers. Another popular app I tend to get is the Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao, which are the best dumplings I probably have ever had. The only caveat of this place is reading into the "spicy" label on the menu: some one-pepper items aren't spicy one bit while some one-peppers are quite spicy. The service is great and I was actually sitting outside when the tent blew over, and situation was handled very graciously and calmly. The Bao is always super reliable and I keep coming back!
5 Ordered delivery and food was very good! Several dumplings, jasmine fried rice, orange beef with broccoli and orange sesame chicken. All was super fresh and tasty.   I want to make a special shout out to the restaurant who called me directly to adjust the order to include more non-pork options for our dumplings. My wife cannot eat pork and the staff was extremely helpful and accommodating to offer options and solutions she could enjoy.  Very good food, quality and service!   Thank you!  Shawn
5 Might be one of my new favorite Chinese restaurants! My boyfriend and I sat indoors. The staff did a good job at social distancing. Everyone was wearing a mask when standing and temperature checks at the door. They had plexi glass set up between the outdoor seating as well.  Ordered the pork soup dumplings, wonton in chili oil, Shanghai pan fried noodles, and Kung pao chicken. Everything was soooo yummy, can't wait to go back!!
4 Great place for amazing food in the East Village! The outdoor dining space is a bit cramped and social distancing guidelines are quite non-existent ie, no plexiglass or barriers, very close tables but besides that, the food is great! The Sichuan chili fried chicken was absolutely amazing. Spicy, spiced and perfectly fried. The pork soup dumplings were very good and filling. The noodles were super tasty too but fell to the wayside since the other dishes were so good! Prices are also very fair and reasonable for portion size. Will be back!
4 Yum yum yum spot!! Got the shrimp, veggie, pork and egg yolk baos. The vegetable one was okay, but the rest were great. My favourite was the shrimp. We also got chicken dumplings in hot and sour broth which was amazing!! The kung pao chicken was also really delicious. Would definitely recommend!!
5 I LOVE THIS PLACE. First, I appreciate the fact that many East Asians frequent this place, which lets me know it's at least somewhat authentic and really damn tasty. Second, A BIH LOVES SOME WARM LIGHTING and it's dimly lit inside, dark, and cozy. Just my kind of spot!!!! Third, I can't eat gluten, and so ordered the hot pot filled with lotus root, pork, and a host of other goodies as oppose to the xiao long bao and LAWD HAVE MERCY JESUS IT WAS AMAZING. I've seriously been ranting about/peer pressuring my friends to go to this place for yearssss and it's finally working! Also, yes there may be a wait. Stop being bougie - it's a popular spot, you be aight. It's worth the wait. Just go for a stroll or a quick drink somewhere close by. You won't regret it.
4 Food: 4:5 Stopped by for dinner with a friend. We ordered the crab soup dumpling, the tofu with pork, and the dandan noodles. The crab soup dumpling (3/5) was just ok. The skin was thin and the texture was just right but it lacked soup. I expected it to be more mouthwatering but I found it a bit dry. The tofu with pork (4/5) was the perfect combo of sweet and savory. The sauce was amazing! The dandan (4/5) was different from what I'm used to but it was delicious! It was loaded with mala hot sauce and it was a bit more liquidy than expected but it was delicious!  Service: 4/5 We sat indoors. The staff is doing a great job enforcing social distancing. They even check your temperature before seating you. Very attentive and accommodating.  Ambiance: 4/5 Dark and modern. Great place to grab grub or even bring a date. Laid back casual dress code yet can dress up too. Very clean and spread out. A step above your typical St. Mark's vibe.
5 Very fast service! They have outdoor seating located just east of their restaurant (because their physical restaurant is dark and looks closed). Their chicken dumplings in broth were delicious, as were their pan fried Shanghai noodles.
1 I AM LITERALLY EATING THIS IN MY CAR AND FUMINGG THAT THE FUMES COMING OUT WOULD BE ENOUGH TO HEAT UP THIS COLD FOOD I WAS GIVEN. I am NEVERRRRR one to write reviews but this definitely deserved one considering I paid $73 for SOUP DUMPLINGS. I waited over an hour for my food none of the workers had the decency to at least tell us how much longer it'll be. I go to eat my food in the car and the dumplings are COLD . Almost as if it spent a lot of time sitting out. Absolutely disappointing and ridiculous. If you want good dumplings do yourself a favor and go to Joe Shanghai
5 I love the bao ! they are my favorite chinese restaurant so far !   We ordered Sautéed string beans,Sichuan chicken,soup dumplings and sesame chicken  everything came out so good !!   Definitely go back soon !
1 Even though an order was placed through Yelp and Grubhub, we were informed later that our order was placed for pick up, which we ordered for delivery. I received a notice on my phone, that it was preparing for pick up.We immediately called the restaurant to cancel , they told us to call Grub Hub, who told us to call the restaurant again, who told us to call Grubhub. By that time they said it was too late to cancel. Both restaurant and Grubhub was extremely frustrating and we will never order from this restaurant or use Grubhub again.
4 The drinks were ok I got the rose tea and if you have had the rose milk tea from boba guys it taste eacatly the same. The xiao long baos were really good and the finger baos. However the Dan Dan noodles were lackluster and didn't really taste good. Overall a good experience with amazing staff! Definitely recommend coming here if you're in the area!
4 They have a relatively big outdoor dining area and a restroom. The customer service was great. Our waiter was very friendly. No wait at all with my party of 3.   I ordered one kung fu bao, one crab meet bao, one colorful bao, finger bao, one chocolate bao, dan dan noodles, and champagne milk tea. I definitely like the shanghai place in chinatown more but this place has a greater variety which is why I gave it a 4.   The champagne milk tea tasted watered down w a hint of liquor taste to it but apparently there is no liquor in there. The bottle was bigger than my straw so I kinda had to use my chopsticks to pull the straw out whenever I drank.The chocolate bao was a burst of nutella, not ripe banana slice, and a harder version of the shanghai soup dumpling skin so I wasn't a fan but definitely something cool to try. The colorful bao was assorted with wasabi, veggie, shrimp, crab meat, regular, and chicken filling. The finger bao comes in 12 tiny crispier versions of the soup dumplings. The soup dumplings burst easily so be careful!
4 The Bao was fantastic! My boyfriend and I came at 6 on a Sunday and got an outdoor table right away. We shared the Scallion pancake, Dan Dan noodles, Kung fu xiao long bao and Crispy beef (the latter two dishes were my favorites). Definitely will be back to try the mapo tofu. 4.5 stars.
5 LOVED the food. I tried their vegetarian hot and sour dumplings,  xlb, and hot pot. Everything was excellent. We went on a Saturday night and were seated within 20 minutes, service was prompt and they have definitely won me over!! Will be back very soon
2 Ordered the Shanghaiese noodle and noodles arrived cold and hard...
4 The most amazing jasmine tea fried egg rice and pan tossed rice noodles  make sure to ask for soy sauce and hot sauce cause they forget!  Other than that it's delicious
3 Went to this spot before covid. Waited 40+ minutes in line to get xiaolongbao! The food was pretty good would recommend to others but imo not worth it to wait in line forever!
5 The food here is amazing. The cucumber salad is worth coming back from Colorado for. Sooooooooo goooooooood!!!! 10 out of 10
5 BEST CHINESE FOOD NOT ONLY IN NEW YORK, BEST CHINESE FOOD EVER.   This restaurant is excellent. My partner and I went to New York for the weekend and when the night arrived we were in the area and we went through this place.   I must admit that it was not our first choice since we tried 2 places before without success as there was a long waiting list.   We decided to try this restaurant and it was a wonderful surprise, it is a gem of the culinary movement in New York.   We tried eggplant in garlic sauce, the short ribs, one of the best dishes I've tasted in my life and the best mapo tofu.   They have outdoor sittings and the attention is wonderful
5 I had such a fun time with friends.  Great and lively location. Felt beautiful eating in the evening on a Friday night with conversation lightly buzzing in the background. We were able to sit once our party was completely present. I had the dumplings with my friends.  I ordered the orange chicken and a side of white rice for myself. Everyone who came to our table was kind and helpful. We were able to get boxes to go. I had a fun experience with friends.
5 This restaurant offers Chinese cuisine with a twist - and a good one at that.   Of the five items we ordered, three were spectacular enough on their own to warrant a repeat visit to the restaurant.  The Super Spicy Xiao Long Bao were the perfect level of spicy, reminding me of Kimchi dumplings. Nostalgic while delicious!  The Sichuan Chili Fried Chicken was one of the best I've had in New York, with spectacular texture. Note that you need to eat it immediately - if it gets soggy then the impact is not as impressive.   The Shrimp Youtiao was surprisingly creamy, with the youtiao still crispy. The pineapple goes well with it. Definitely worth a purchase if you order a lot of spicy dishes, though the price tag is also hefty.  And finally, the Chocolate Xiao Long Bao receives an honorable mention as something that isn't worth coming back for, but is worth trying at least once.  Overall a restaurant I'd come back to no questions asked.
5 This is probably some of the best food I've ever had in the city. It was incredible and the service was amazing (very nice people and helpful with helping us decide what we should order)! First and foremost, the outdoor seating is really beautiful. But the food! I was with a group of people and we tried probably 6-8 different things and they were all amazing. Of what I can remember, we had the cucumber salad, crab meat xiao long bao, scallion pancake, chicken fried rice, shrimp xiao long bao, vegetable dumplings, and I think the wantons in chili oil. I honestly could not say a bad thing about any of the food we had. Highly highly highly recommend.
5 Wow wow Bao! We came here knowing we wanted some Asian food, we had zero expectations when we got seated, the service wasn't excellent, but Dear God, the FOOD!   We tried the Mapo Tofu, Eggplant un Garlic Sauce and Sweat and Sour Ribs. I can't even start explaining how good it was. Not to mention that the Ribs are the best ribs I ever had in my life... (and I am old, and I have seen stuff), but this ribs are another thing, from another life.   The patio is a bit crowed and not sure they are following 6 feet apart rule during Covid-19 times, but I never felt unsafe and all employees wearing N95 masks, although covered the air flows very well. Service was ok.   I am definitely coming back when in NYC next time. I am sure I will be craving this food while in DC. Delicious!
2 We have been wanting soup dumplings for quite some time and figured we would stop here to grab some for  takeout seeing as seating was closed for the night.  We ordered two 6piece orders of pork soup dumplings to go and off to the car we went. Once we got to the car and opened up the containers most of the soup dumplings had ruptured, spilling the soup and the dumplings were very soggy.  The inside filling was far from appealing,these definitely were not the soup dumplings we have been waiting so long for I definitely did not like these dumplings and I probably will not come back for them in the future
5 I love the food in the bao it's good and service is nice. Love here . And the lunch special is the best
4 Best Xiao Long Bao in NYC. Excellent Dan Dan Noodles. Overall, as close to a modern non-Cantonese Chinese restaurant in East Asia as you can get in Manhattan.
5 First, the food arrived in 20min not 50min like was quoted. Second, the noodles were the right kind of chewy and flavorful without the heavy greasiness other spots have. The general Tso chicken was crispy and tender. I was pleasantly impressed with The Bao and will order from here again, they have more menu items I'd love to try!
5 This is simply the best chinese food that I have every had - by far and away. It would be a tragedy if this placed closed because of Covid. I rode my bike by today and was thinking I would probably never taste such good food again in my life. Best dishes in my opinion are: Fish Fillet in Green Pepper (a tad better than Fish Fillet in Chili Oil); Country Style Pork and Cucumber Salad. Five stars for this place - DING DONG!!!
4 Not the best soup dumplings I've had in Manhattan, but certainly a solid choice with good ambience. Be prepared to wait, but it's worth it!
5 What can I say, we always end up here as it has great food and great service. They are always fast and friendly. It is clean and big space with lots of table. It is next to the road and walk up. The prices are okay but they have varieties of food.
5 This is my partner and I's favorite dinner date spot! The Champaign Milk Tea is to DIE FOR, the bao is yummy, the shrimp yukitao (for sure speller that wrong) is delicious, but the two stars for me are the orange chicken and the Shanghai noodles! The orange chicken is perfect, I always get it whenever I go. Same goes for the Shanghai noodles, which I see on every table every time I'm there. The atmosphere is great, my only gripe is I wish there was more of a waiting area but thats NYC! I love this restaurant and I can't wait to eat here again.
4 Somewhat upscale Chinese spot that is pretty intimate. The soup dumplings were great and my favorite part, the service was fine and accommodating. The wontons in chili oil weren't very spicy so I'm not sure if the Chinese food was more Americanized to appeal to more customers. The powdered sugar on the meat we ordered was a bit strange and the meat was dry so I definitely don't recommend order the sweet rib. Highly recommend the xiaolongbao!
1 I ordered the roasted pork egg fried rice for my lunch break through the ritual app. The rice was well cooked, tasted decent and was satisfying until I bit into something hard and crunchy. After spitting the contents of my mouth out, I found what appeared to be egg shells in the rice I was eating and lost my appetite.
5 Delicious! Never disappoints. I order from The Bao on a regular basis. Although it's not the same as eating there in person, you don't always feel like standing in line on a busy night. Just do not order through Caviar as they are unreliable and deliver 1 hr later completely cold food. DONOTTRYCAVIAR
5 On a busy street with lots of other places to stop. This place has a black awning and you walk up a couple of stairs but easy to get into. It's a small spot but they have lots of seating that's pretty close together and a quick turn around. All the dishes were coming out of the kitchen pretty fast. We got there at just about noon and there were plenty of seats but it filled up soon. We ordered the King Fu XLB, string beans, Shanghai noodles, and chili chicken. We also tried the plum sake and a tsing Tao. Everything was freaking fantastic. Amazing flavor and beautiful presentation. The Kung Fu xlb was one of the best I have had. Great flavor and the broth was amazing. These are pork btw.  The string beans were delicious with a wonderful flavor, salty crispy, goodness. Order then. Eat them. My husband can barely stand heat but for this chili chicken he did it. He loved it. It was so good. There are a lot of chili's that come out on the plate but it's not as intimidating as it looks. It is spicy, don't get me wrong. I love heat and this was just a pleasant heat. They are breaded little chunks of chicken tossed with onions garlic and chili peppers and have a crunch and juicy texture all in one. Again, salty yummy goodness. The Shanghai noodles were a good add on to kill the heat. They had a wonderful grilled taste and had all the comfort food feelings that a good noodle gives you. There is one restroom in the back by the kitchen. The place is a tight squeeze but really I never saw a line. You may be seated by strangers but it's okay. The food is sooo worth it. Get there. Eat there. Die happy.
3 This place is nicely decorated and has good ambiance for groups of friends but I wouldn't recommend it to a food lover. The first time I came here, I was very excited to try the food but i was wildly disappointed by the mediocre food and the long wait line.   The lines is very long for dinner which is to be expected for the location. However, they have a very uncomfortable and small waiting area right by the door where you are being pushed by new customers and leaving customers.   The food is also very salty and greasy. It's not terrible but it's also not great. The best thing I had here are the soup dumplings. I also wanted to mention that their plates and cups were not fully washed.  The Bao is very cute and intimate restaurant but you can find better and more authentic Chinese food elsewhere.
5 Wow, I'm still stuffed from dinner here last week.  Was catching up with a friend of mine who had been here before so she knew what to order and it was all terrific.   We started with some soup dumplings which were great.   We followed that with Don Don noodles.  They were great but spicier than I had anticipated.   Then we had some perfect sesame chicken....it was so good.   The last thing was was grilled cauliflower.  Also kind of spicy but soooo good.  I could honestly make a meal out of that.    SErvice was quick and friendly.  We got there about six and there were a few tables.  When we left a little before seven, it was packed so if you get there later, expect a wait.
4 The soup dumplings opened a little too easily but the food was otherwise delicious and well-portioned and quickly served. Unfortunately they do not accept reservations on Fridays or the weekend so expect some waiting these days.
5 Best soup dumplings in the neighborhood. Try the wasabi dumplings - they are really delicious of you like spicy ...
5 Skin -- thin and chewy. Meat -- thicc and bouncy. Soup -- hot and steamy.   Nuff said.
4 Absolutely love this place - such a cosy and warm atmosphere. The food is also amazing - favorite is the 'kungfu bao'.
5 Great place for dumplings !!! And free tea !!! Szechuan and Taiwanese combo !!! Excellent service !!!
5 I came here with my friend for lunch. The food was amazing. I really love the crab soup dumplings and the jasmine tea fried rice! You get free tea if you check in and post a review!
5 Went during rush hour. They had a big line, wrote down oru names to be called, it didn't took that long, it's worth the wait. Super amazed by their soup dumplings, went to Bao couple of times to eat the same soup dumplings. So flavorful with a spoon full of soup, also we tried their crispy pancakes. Overall great food!!! Really want to go back soon.
4 Stumbled across this restaurant in East village. What we ordered?  Scallion pancake - crispy and tasty.  Ma po tofu - it was spicy AF but so so delicious. Even if you love meat, do yourself a favor and order this and you won't regret it. My friend ordered non-vegetarian dumplings for himself and he seemed to love them. I can't comment much on those ‍ Overall a great spot with great food. Staff is so friendly. Wait could get annoying but we got lucky and were seated immediately. I'll definitely be back for some more. 8
5 Must dine in for the chocolate xiao long bao! Amazing dim sum very tasty!  Affordable dinner for small or big groups.
5 Amazing dumplings! Had great food here and good service. Pork soup dumplings were delicious. I recommend the dim sum combo 5 where you get 5 kinds of dumplings.
2 Mediocre experience. Nothing really stands out. Cannot understand why so many people are here.
5 I live in east village this is  one of the  best places in the area. The most incredible food, everything on the menu is amazing. Wait is kind of long but totally worth it
5 Highly recommend this spot.   I. Love. Soupy. Dumplings. These may be up there for some of the best i've had. We had the kung fu bao (phenomenal) and the wasabi bao (i didnt like them, but i'm not a big wasabi guy lol). We also had the dan dan noodles and bean sprouts, and they were delicious as well. The thing that blew me away was how affordable everything was as well! Also, the paintings on the wall were cool. Overall, great interesting food for a great price. A must go if u are in the area
5 Love the soup dumplings  - every bite/ slurp is packed with delicious flavor & a perfect spoonful of soup! Not a huge fan of the Dan dan noodles - maybe it was the peanut sauce that was drenched in it.  I'd def come back here if I'm in the neighborhood & craving soup dumplings.
4 Sczechuan dan dan noodles are delish. Got the suPer spicy xiao long bao dumplings and HOLY FRICK they are spicy but stilL very tasty!!! Will come back
5 I can not say more good things about this place! AMAZING good, friendly staff, and great atmosphere.   If you are looking for good soup dumplings in NYC definitely check this place out!
5 For a party of 8 we got seated relatively timely considering it was a crowded night. This place was poppin. Young East village crowd. Very clean and modern furnished place for the area!   Honest opinion: the food was great. Great sized portions. Soup Dumplings were flavorful. I got an orange chicken which was sweet but cooked nicely and not crunchy or overdone. Price wise was also great and affordable. Lots of drink options. Will be back to try some noodle dishes.   Large communal table made the experience fun.  5 stars Bao you lived up to the hype .
2 The kung fu soup dumplings and the pork soup dumplings were great, skin was thin, juice was rich, flavor was there. Too much ginger though.  The dan dan noodles texture was good but flavors were very bland, just tasted like oil. The scallion pancake with beef was very oily, there was very little beef and it was overall soggy.   I walked in on a weekday evening. The wait to be seated was rather quick but confusing. The atmosphere inside the restaurant was dim and crowded. The seating was weird. Like they just plopped a table in the pathway. The table was wobbly and everyone walking past my table was just slapping me with their bags or jackets. Every now and then a staff member would bump into my arm or chair. The whole meal was so annoying. I tried my best to enjoy it but they should really get their restaurant layout straight. You may put an extra table there, get me as a customer for the night but I would not return for such discomfort.
4 The best bao buns in the city! We ambled over after a couple round of drinks at Angel's Share nearby (review to come). The host, slightly frazzled by the crowd, informed my group of 2 of a 30 minute wait so we decided to order some bubble tea at the nearby kung fu tea to escape the cold. We came back after about 20 minutes and were promptly seated.  We followed the host and were given menus immediately. A waitress came by to offer us water as we perused the menu -- already a great start in my book. Over the course of the evening, we ordered 2 xiao long bao of the pork variety, one dan dan noodles, one dry pepper chicken, and one fried dumpling order. A lot of food for two people and by the end I was in a food coma, having to be rolled out by my boyfriend.  The XLB were incredible. As the premier sentence indicated, the best in the city. The skin was thin and yielding, while firm against the heat of the broth. Placed in my awaiting spoon, the skin was easily pierced. The salty broth flowed out in waves that were eagerly slurped. The filling, an even mixture of pork and vegetable. I'm salivating thinking about this perfection.   The dry pepper chicken was ok. It was much better than previous dry pepper chicken dishes, but I don't think I'm a fan of that style of dish. The peppers are too much for me and there isn't enough chicken in the fried pieces. The dan dan noodles were very good as well. The mixture of salty, oily, and carb-y deliciousness all wrapped in one dish, with a garnish of scallions -- perfection. The fried dumplings were great as well, but nothing really stands out as I am reliving this experience.  The decor is dark and hipster ish with a mural on the wall. It was loud at a comfortable level where one could still hear their guests. This would be a good place for a date or for parents.   Overall, a great experience from the staff, wonderful food, and a fun, young, ambiance. We will definitely be back for more!
5 SUCH good soup dumplings - some of the best in the city. The atmosphere is great, the service is great, all in all an excellent choice.
5 Loved it! Two of us shared four orders of dumplings. The steamed pork dumplings were shockingly good! Can't wait to go back! My cup of tea cost six dollars. Huh? I'm still going back, but getting water next time.
4 Flavorful, excellent Chinese food is the main attraction at this East Village gem.  My girlfriend and I stopped by for dinner and we were treated to excellent hospitality and service.  The Ma Po Tofu was spicy and delectable, and the Chicken Dumplings were succulent and well-prepared.  The management and staff were attentive to our every need.  We will be back here soon!
4 Dan Dan was amazing, and some of the best soup dumplings I've had in New York. Highly recommended.
5 This place gets five stars for having the best xlb in the city. For me, great xlb means the skin is thin and the soup is full of flavor. So this place meets both. I've had a few xlb in the Manhattan (and in flushing) and this place has the thinnest skin with great flavor.  The other things my group and I ordered were also very tasty. One of my friends claimed that they had the best fried rice... But IMO it was pretty oily (which is probably why it tasted so good).   I will say that the braised pork (we paid an extra $4 for four buns to go with it) was pretty delicious. I also think that the pork was extremely fatty in the best way. I usually HATE eating chunks of fat because it's chewy, hard to swallow, and the idea of eating pure fat kind of grosses me out. But I accidently ate a piece of fat and I was so confused because it instantly melted in my mouth. Yuuuuummmmm.  I would 100% come back here again. I'm sure everything on the list tastes good. Honestly I would come back and order two sets of xlb just for myself lol.  I will say that during their busy hours, their wait times can get extremely long (maybe like 60+ min.) Came during an off hour (like 4pm?) and had zero wait time.  I've seen some people complain about service, but I guess I just didn't expect much.
2 Soup dumplings were all stuck together and impossible to not break. Flavor was ok but the whole experience was spoiled by not being able to enjoy the soup in the dumplings...
1 I'm a visitor here and this is the first time I have The Bao, I'll say don't go. First, it's not real traditional Chinese food. Second, I got pain in the stomach and diarrhea, I try to sleep to avoid the pain but it wake me up after two hours, I have to puke at 2 in the morning which really sucks.
1 Cute ambiance, and sweet staff, but the menu is very confusing. We ordered dumplings and crispy beef. Language barriers lead to getting the wrong order. We got the check order and never got the correct food. In the end we never got our entree and wanted to leave. The service was awful with almost an empty restaurant. We tried to talk to the staff but nobody helped. The food also got me sick almost instantly after eating. Not to mention how over priced it was. There are so many good restaurants in st. Mark's dont waste your time coming here. Our waitress was indeed sweet and I liked her, but the food is just not good.
5 Special. Delicious. Better than average. Everything I've tried is good. Esp mapo tofu and fried sesame ball. Good weekday lunch deals. The Bao sets the standard.
5 The full menu is back for lunch! This is a go to Sichuan spot in the east village...you can't miss. Try the soup dumplings, dan dan noodles, cumin lamb, and scallion pancakes.
1 We came in at around 5:30 in the afternoon and it was already crowded. It seem like they have put way too many tables in the place that it was barely any space for you to take off your coat or walk to the bathroom.   And the worst part is this: after I've asked the hostess to pack us the rest of our food, when I opened the container the next day, there was a nasty piece of goo with hairs sticking out in the soup I ordered the day before. It is absolutely UNACCEPTABLE and NASTY and it literally grossed me for an entire day. I even gave up taking any picture of it because it was so sick to look at. I don't know if the thing was already in the soup when it was in the kitchen, or it came in when the hostess packed it. The hostess was much not friendly anyway.  I have been to this place couple of times before, but this exprience totally ruined my trust to the hygiene and food safety there. Even though I liked the food, I would not think about going back again. Plus, there are plenty more places you can alter for getting the same quality Chinese food around the area. Just help yourself saving your nerve and keeping your good health by avoiding this place.
5 So goodddd! I was never into soup dumplings until this place. We try the kung fu xiao long (just pork), crab meat (crab and pork), super spicy xiao long bao (they're not kidding about "super spicy"). Highly recommend them all. The crab meat bao, you really don't taste too much crab. The chicken dumplings in hot and sour soo good! Also the pan fried dumpling delicious! We finished with the chocolate dumpling, also so good! Come and enjoy the food here!
5 Previous review was when I was sometimes a silly petty Yelper when I just started. Just ate here for the first time in forever and the food was all excellent. Highly recommended for Chinese food in this area, especially the soup dumplings and fried rice and get the tofu with minced pork too.
5 Really good Dim Sum here...   It is a very cozy, clean restaurant with excellent Chinese food
5 The bao is one of my favorite places in NYC, where you can get authentic Chinese food in modern/upscale environment with reasonable price. My new favorite is Dry pot dish!
5 This is my favorite spot in New York - 5  stars for good quality spicy Chinese food. Fish in chilly oil, dry pot, and hot/sour soup are my usual.
5 Really good food, especially the soup dumplings. Chocolate XLBs were delicious. Would come back!
5 Nice szechuan spot, recommend ordering many items to share. The XLBs slap hard, as does the chili fried chicken
5 Very sleek decor, wait staff are polite and friendly and not to mention they serve the best soup dumplings in the city
5 Love love love this place. Their soup dumplings are incredible!  You can order a bunch of things to split here. The staff is friendly and the restaurant has a great atmosphere (very New York). I would recommend coming with a group but make a reservation beforehand!! It gets super packed, especially for dinner.   I ordered the crab xiao long bao the last time I went, and my friend ordered the Kung Fu xiao long bao. All of them were amazing. Their sesame rice balls are also to DIE for - the best ones I've ever tasted. Would highly HIGHLY recommend. My boyfriend got the Shanghai noodles and loved them as well. This is an absolute gem in the east village.
5 Well, well, well... you FINALLY brought back your xiao long bao to the lunch menu. *slow clap* Congratulations... you got your 5 stars back from me.  DON'T... EVER... TAKE... IT... AWAY... EVER.... AGAIN!!!
4 The taste is authentic. American restaurant style of lighting adds extra flavor.  Definitely a small restaurant that recommends to make reservation if you want to dining in during dinner time.
4 Great date night place for a cheap eat! Bottle of wine and 4 dim sum orders for about $100! Spicy soup dumplings are super spicy. Crab soup dumplings are a little fishy but overall 7/10. We got the scallion pancakes too which were great! We got the lomein type noodle, and it was good. Overall a good time!
4 The spicy hot pot here is seriously legit! The spices are quite authentic, veggies are done very well and spice level hits the spot! Nifty little spot on a lane full of Asian eateries. Good service and vibe make it a nice pick. Great selection of vegetarian dishes. Not all were as authentic as at some more famous Sichuan spots but we were quite pleased with the food overall.
5 Some of the best soup dumplings in Manhattan! Great service and atmosphere - a little bit of a wait at dinner time but totally worth it
5 l love it here it is the best place ever. They are so nice and friendly and the food is amazing. Yay !
5 Great food. Tried everything. Incredible experience. Definitely try the Shanghai noodles.
5 :) yummy.                Yes yes yes. They want me to write more so I have to keep writing. This app is dumb
5 Had a great dinner here. Ordered string beans, xlb, sesame chicken, Shanghai noodles, & pork belly
5 Excellent soup dumplings, pan fried noodles are great as well. Hidden gem in the neighborhood, go!
5 Delicious!  We ordered the Mapo Tofu, scallion pancakes, orange chicken, Jasmine egg fried rice, veggie gyoza, pea shoots, and crispy beef - and it was all so good.  Crispy, tasty, and nice ambience.  We'll be coming back
2 Second time here. The scallion pancakes were delicious, the xiaolong dumplings could have been better (great skin, under-seasoned filling), the hot sour soup was good, the garlic eggplant as good as the last time we were there.   But our salt pepper shrimp fell into the "You've got to be kidding" category. We have had this dish in many restaurants, some better than others. At the Bao, the shrimp (just four in the dish) and mushrooms appeared encased in tasteless, tough shells of batter and bore only passing resemblance to what foods they actually were. They say you taste with your eyes. Well, dumped straight from the fryer onto the plate, the shrimps and mushrooms were a tangled mess. Their taste therefore was no surprise. We were three hungry adults and we left half the plate.  When we were here last month, we had ordered the crispy lamb entree which was dry and a bit tough. But the dumplings and pancakes were good enough so we decided to give the Bao another try.    Very disappointed. I was also a little surprised to be told that they didn't serve hot water when I asked for a cup with the meal. I don't handle caffeine well and prefer hot water to cold during the winter. I finally got my hot water when I agreed to pay for it.   Unbelievable, since we ran up a $80 tab for lunch plus tip.
5 The crab bao were amazing! Super friendly staff and food came out so fast! Would absolutely come back
5 I'm a repeat eater here. it's one of my favorite places in NY. Highly recommend the soup dumplings, won and dan dan noodles.
5 Great food and excellent service. Soup dumplings were among the best I've had in New York.
5 Solid food. Soup dumplings were amazing. Chicken broccoli and pan fried noodles were good as well.
4 great xlb and good service. I have been here 5+ times and it never disappoints. Casual dining experience with good Chinese food. Restaurant was very clean, especially for Astor place
5 Most amazing pork dumplings I've ever had! A definite must stop when you are in the East Village. Everything else was just as delicious!
5 Everything was amazing! We read about it online and are so glad that we listened to the great reviews. My favorite things are the pork soup dumplings and the Dan Dan noodles. I will definitely be back!
5 Amazing! Hit the spot perfectly. This is a hidden gem in the east village and worth the trek from wherever you are coming from. LOVED the pork soup dumplings.
5 I had a wonderful time in The Bao. I liked the environment there and absolutely delicious food. Also friendly and nice customer service. Everything was perfect. Will be back again.
4 Solid 4 star.   1. Kung fu xiao long Bao - one of the best xiao long Bao I've ever had outside of Asia. Very juicy, flavorful, the skin is thin and the meat inside is high quality - highly recommend!!   2. Cucumber salad - wow, just wow. Again one of the best I've had. The cucumber presentation is too extra, they shaved the cucumber skin and left out the seeds. Personally I prefer the regular cubed cucumber.   3. Hot and sour soup - a little too spicy for my liking. Really flavorful thou! I can tell they use high quality ingredients.  4. Dan Dan noodle - meh, it was ok. Better than average but nothing special.  5. Sichuan chili fried chicken - ok... I was very disappointed. Where is the chicken? I had high hopes and recommended my friends who's never tried this dish before. However this one has a lot of dough and not enough chicken. Maybe I should've gotten their Chongqiang chili fried chicken, that one is supposed to have bone inside - maybe that one will be better?! Who knows. Too scared to try.  6. Rose green tea - I liked the tea. But the cup was a little extra and cut my lips....   Overall, I would definitely come back again but will very selective of what I order - definitely not the chili fried chicken.
4 I've been to the Bao multiple times and every time I come out satisfied. The XLBs are some of my favorite in NYC. They come out nice and hot, with perfect amount of juice, meat, and skin ratio. I really enjoy the cucumber salad, Dan Dan  noodles, hot n sour soup here.  One thing I wasn't a fan of was the Sichuan chili fried chicken was not great. There was no chicken! Just tasted like fried batter and spices.
5 Amazing restaurant. One of the best chinese places around. Soup dumplings are excellent and great for takeout too. 5 stars
5 Best soup dumplings in nyc hands down, get the spicy if you dare. Nothing disappointed. Great service, ask for their advice if lost.
5 Sooo good food and definitely will be back again.  By too long waiting line at Saturday night
5 Amazing food. Mapo Tofu is amazingg. There is a bit of a wait at entry, but its worth it.
5 Best soup dumplings ever!!! Tried Mapu Tofu for the first time and it was to die for. So spicy my arms were on fire. We also got the spicy dry pot which was excellent as well. There was a 30min wait on a Saturday night, but totally worth it.
5 Eggplant in garlic sauce was amazing!!! It's a good recommendation for vegetarians! The dry pot is another great option to share between two or more!
5 spectacular mapu tofu at the bao! my friends and i had the best time trying out some of the spiciest dishes on the menu. not for the faint of heart, bit i love it!
5 Waited 30 minutes but it was worth it! Delicious soup dumplings with tons of soup in them - and steamed to perfection!
5 Only a 20 min wait for 2 on a Saturday night with no reservation - awesome! The Xiao long Bao and Shanghai fried noodles are highly recommended!
5 Amazing soup dumplings. The service is fast too. Definitely get the wasabi dumplings if you like spicy.
4 This is a great Great restaurant! We order the lotus roots with vege and we recommend their lotus roots with Vege. Also Love the lamp rib.
5 Excellent soup dumplings! Very spicy and good atmosphere. Definitely try the Super Spicy Xiao Long Bao if you like spice!
4 Delicious. Loud and crowded. All the food was fresh, spicy and came to the table fast.
5 Hands down our favorite restaurant in NYC. A week without eating at The Bao is almost unheard of. Their xiao long baos are the best in Manhattan and the mapo tofu is heavenly. For the spice adventurers, definitely try the supreme fried rice too!
5 Amazing food and service. Will be back. We had string beans and eggplant and Shanghai noodles which were delightful. Thank you!
5 Love this place they are really clean and the food rocks! I live in the neighborhood and this is definitely my go-to Chinese restaurant
5 We went to The Bao for dinner. The service was really fast and we only had to wait 5 mins for our table. We have the Super Spicy Xiao Long Bao, Steamed vegetable dumplings, the Mapo Tofu. The food came out quickly and it was delicious. I recommend trying the ginger tea.
5 Excellent soup dumplings! If you want super spicy, they have a few items that fit the bill. Crispy beef was delectable, and Szechuan Dan Dan noodles were medium spicy and delicious. Great for groups- come early bc it gets busy!
5 This place is great. Food is quality, very reasonable and frankly the food shines compared to the medium market pricing. High recommend the lotus root pork dumplings and the soup dumplings seemed to be popular with about every table ordering some. Great atmosphere, crowd is typical thirties professional and on a Saturday night the vide was on point.   Short story this place shines for affordable Chinese in midtown.
5 This place is dope! Has a great atmosphere and food here was great. Had the mapu tofu, scallion pancake with sliced beef, super spicy dumplings and Dan Dan noodles. Definitely recommend you drop by for a bite and your taste buds won't regret it!
4 Also tea! Menu is very detailed. Seems clean so far. Eagerly anticipating the xiao long bao right now.
5 Great food and Service! Nice atmosphere! Definitely recommended! Not a long wait time on Saturdays.
5 Terrific Szechuan food! Try the sesame chicken, Kung pao chicken and lotus root  pork dumplings.
5 Amazing crab XLB, in a dimly lit hip space.  Get the dry pot lotus root and potato, so cumin, so yum!! Can't wait to try the sliced fish in oil and the wontons that looked
5 Best Soup dumps in town. Will come again for these dumps. Much better than Joes Shanghai.
5 So good! Love the cucumber salad and the Szechuan fried chicken. My favorite Szechuan place in manhattan.
5 I come here often with large groups, and the food is always the best Szechuan cuisine available. You can fill up just on the variety of dim sum-style appetizers they have: I particularly recommend the cucumber salad with chili oil (a delicious app I have been unable to find at many other places). The dumplings, the namesake, are equally good. The soup dumplings are reliably broth yet light, while the fried dumplings have a thicker dough. Busy atmosphere but still cozy enough to bring a date!
3 The food is rather normal, but the Pineapple Churro Shrimp is good and very similar to real local food. Overall, not so good.
5 The meal was delicious! Started off with both pork and crab soup dumplings!  The soup inside has a delicious flavor and the meat is quite tender. Split an entree of orange/sesame chicken with my friend and it was more than enough and also  so tasty. The service was quick and friendly and vibe was really nice.
4 My husband and I were visiting my sister and I had never tried soup dumplings before so she promised to take me to one of her favorite places. The Bao did not disappoint! Our party of 3 arrived around 8 on a Friday night. There was a bit of a wait so we walked around then eventually got a couple seats in the small waiting area in the front. It seemed like we were sat down sooner than we expected. We got a table close to the front and it was just large enough for the 3 of us and all the food we ordered.    Our server came over to our table with water. We all ordered drinks (wine for the ladies). We had a couple questions about the menu and the server was helpful.    We decide to order a few things to share. We got spicy soup dumplings, some chicken dish with lots of peppers, noodles, and a pork belly app. The soup dumplings were delicious and spicy. The chicken dish was also spicy. It looks like a huge plate but there's a lot of peppers. The noodles that we ordered were sooo tasty. They too were spicy. As you can see, I love spicy. The pork belly cake with cold noddles which was refreshing after eating all that spice.    Overall I really enjoyed the meal. The food was flavorful and the portions were good. The three of us left feeling satisfied. I'd definitely go back!
5 Great food! Good ambiance - quiet yet trendy. Food came out really quickly. Would come back!
5 Great food and great atmosphere. Everything I've tried here is good. The sautéed string beans are fantastic! Lots of garlic and great flavor.
5 This was an amazing place to try Dim Sum for the first time.  Everything we ordered was served hot and was delicious. Can't wait to come back.
5 Great food, better service  Love the pork dumplings with hot and sour soup and the sesame chicken is awesome
5 Amazing service and the food is so great. One of my favorite places to go in the neighborhood, and would recommend to anyone!
5 Amazing dumplings and noodles! Get the XLB or braised pork noodle soup. They are my favorite!
5 The food, service and environment at the Bao are fantastic! We had the vegetable fried rice and chicken dumplings and both were delicious. The waiters and waitresses were so friendly and the food came out so quick. We'll definitely be coming back soon :))
5 Came back again after last week and ordered the braised pork belly, lotus roots with vegetables, and scallion pancake! The place is a lot busier today than last Tuesday but we were seated within five minutes. Staff are very friendly and attentive; food is great though the place was packed we were able to have a decent conversation without having to raise our voices. Great place to eat!
3 Stopped in quickly to try a few baos as this place is highly regarded and we wanted to try the chocolate baos.  The chicken dumplings were okay but rather plain. They needed the sour soy sauce to add some flavor.  I love spicy food and tried the super spicy XLB. They were just moderately spicy and would not really recommend them for those who want truly spicy dishes. The chocolate dumplings were interesting. It was filled with I think chocolate covered banana. Very interesting though I'm not sure the value was great compared to all the other desserts in the area.  Overall I'd come back to try some other items recommended here on yelp. It was rather busy even around 9pm on a Wednesday. Service was good and the food came fast.
5 Delicious XLB. Best in New York City easily. The atmosphere is nice and location is great.
5 Excellent meal! I loved it. We had the king ppa chicken, rice, and the Xiao long bao. Oh my god the Xiao long boa. Un. Bel. Eve. Able. Thanks Bao
5 Good spice level, and good for groups. Try the fish in chili oil and the soup dumplings
5 Simply the best. From the soup dumplings to the spicy Szechuan chicken to the great service. I'll be returning to this place.
5 This is the best place in town for some quick good prices delicious food! Can't wait to come back!
5 Delicious Chinese food on St. Mark's. We were seated and served quickly on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.   This place honestly has the best egg drop soup I've had in my life! They did have a soup order minimum of two, which I've never heard of before... but trust me, get yourself two and take one to go    The eggplant and soup dumplings also hit the spot. Nobody left feeling hungry, that's for sure! My stomach is growling now just thinking about it.
5 Soup dumplings are fat little beauts. Fun comfy atmosphere. $5 Tsing Taos. Love this place
5 Lovely! It's on St.Marks, so you know, it's not huge on ambiance but food is great, the service is fast and friendly and the price is right. We had Dan Dan Noodle, spicy wonton noodles, mapo tofu, and pea shoots--all were great.  The Mapo tofu and pea shoots were so so delicious.
5 The fish with chili oil was amazing. The super hot chilis have a deep smoky flavor that makes you pause for a minute before taking your next bite. Definitely a sharing dish that pairs well with fried vegetable rice.
4 I went here for dinner on a Thursday night last week and they have a huge selection for the menu. Their soup dumplings are amazing and everything is pretty well priced and you get a lot of food for what you get. The only downside of this place is you will probably have to wait to get in since it is such a small restaurant. Worth the wait though! We luckily only had to wait about a half of an hour to get in. We ordered a chicken dish to split, egg rolls, soup dumplings and rice and it was only $35. Would for sure come back to this hidden gem
3 We visited the Bao on a Tuesday night and had booked a table for 2 . A popular little place as most tables were taken when we arrived. Service was good but the quality of food was split in two. For appetisers we had xian long bao and they were simply amazing! However the main course left a lot to be desired. The crispy beef was not good. The beef pieces were so small you couldn't  taste any beef and the crispy batter appeared to have been made from old cooking oil giving it and almost burnt taste. We also had garlic chilli prawns which were ok, just a bit bland and under-seasoned. Would we go back.. definitely, for the xianlongbao which were fantastic. We'd happily eat lots of them and skip the main course!
4 Had scallion pancakes with beef, pork noodle soup and XLB. All were excellent, but the star was the chili oil! It was so flavorful and delicious, highly recommend. The noodle serves were on the smaller side but granted I came in here starving
5 Friendly staff, tasty food, and great atmosphere on one of my favorite streets in the city. Had the Crab Meat Bao and Orange Chicken. Girlfriend had the steamed veggie dumplings and veggie fried rice. Everything wonderful. :) Will be back!
5 Mmmmmm, I use to come here all the time when I was in the area. My favorite dish has to be the stirfry cabbage with meat and the rose milk drink is also addicting and a great compliment to the meal. The crab meat dumpling is also a classic, and the skin won't break if you carefully pick it up! I've also tried their cumin lamb which is really flavorful. Only thing I disliked was their spicy XLB... not a fan!
4 Delicious!! Have been here for several times. The lamb is not spicy than I expected, if can more spicy but less salty, will be better.
5 I love coming here for the finger baos. They are the perfect size. A combination of soup and crunchy seared bottom of the dumpling wrap give you an incredible experience of the contrasting textures.  The fish fillet in chili oil is a must order if you like some heat in your food! They use lightly pickled cabbages in the soup. The light acidity breaks through the heat, giving an excellent balance of flavor. It's a good mate to a bowl of rice.
5 The Bao is amazing! Highly recommend. It's a hidden gem at St Marks. I recommend the soup dumplings, general tso, and rose green tea.
4 Great place. Good atmosphere. Delicious food. I had the vegetable spring rolls, and the Kung fu XLB. Both were yummy!
5 The food is amazing and the service is excellent. the lotus root and potato paired with the cold rose tea soothes the palate after the spicy seasonings. Also the soup dumplings are 10/10!
4 I really like the vibe of this place. The waiter was helpful and we got our food of chicken dumplings and scallion pancake with beef very quickly! Spacious and no wait times to be seated !
4 Cute vibe , honest and informative waiter, quick service and good food !  A good option to grab a quick bite
5 Very good service. Whimsical laid back environment. Good food. The crab and pork dumplings are to die for we will definitely come back
2 I ordered sauteed black bean with chives with pork, and it was basically a pile of chives, uncooked garlic, and a bit of black beans and pork which honestly isn't worth it. It was marked as mildly spicy and is definitely pretty spicy, and also isn't authentic.  My order was ready early, they didn't let me know, and when I went to go pick up about 10 minutes early, my food was cold. I had to reheat it in the microwave.
5 11/09/2019 We came here for 水煮鱼！ The environment is small but good, especially after they turn the light a bit down. We sat next to the window so it's rly nice.  The food is higher than my expectation. Although the fish fillet is not that spicy, but it tastes fresh and good. The stir fried cabbage is so AUTHENTIC!  Would definitely come here again to try more stuff on the menu!
4 The soup dumplings are great!! Nice space, the green beans are yummy and the crispy beef flavorful.  We'll be back!
5 DELISH! would rec the sting beans, lotus root, and all of the soup dumplings! had a great time love it yes
4 This lotus root was good. And the Tsing Tao was on point. The scallion pancake was dope and very tasty. The soup dumplings were perfect and we ended up ordering more. Our server was a cool dude.
4 Good dumplings! Tea was good as well the service. Would recommend the crab meat dumplings!$
5 I love their kyung fu xiao long bao. Delicious food and good service. I will come back for sure :)
5 Awesome lunch menu. Highly recommend the dan dan noodles and pork with the steamed buns. The scallion pancakes were crispy and flavorful and the long bao was delicious. Would come back for exact same order.
5 Came here on a whim with a little extra time, got the spicy mapo tofu. Fantastic! Now I'm back for lunch.
5 I absolutely LOVE this place. The soup dumplings are delicious, the soup is perfectly rich and the dumpling isn't too thick.   The sesame chicken is delicious too. Not too sweet.
5 I'm a big freak for some dumplings, and The Bao's XLB pork dumplings are THE BEST around. We ordered the Scallion Pancake (so fresh and crisp, light and airy), Spicy Cucumber Salad (gamechanger), and two orders of their XLB dumplings - Pork & Crab, and Wasabi Pork... this is all that was left of our meal...  I'm!! coming!! back!!
5 The Bao is one of the best spots on St. Marks and a great place to go with a group of people; since there's a lot of different items, there's food for everyone. I suggest making a reservation because there's always a long line.   I recommend eating family style so you can try a bunch of different items. I wouldn't come here solely for dumplings (as there's a ton of really good dim sum spots in the city) but they have a lot of really great dishes. My favorite dishes are the: super spicy xiao long Bao, lotus root dumplings, and the Szechuan chili fried chicken! Every time I come back, I try something new. Definitely recommend this spot!!
5 Want to try some really good xiao long bao (soup dumpling)? Go to The Bao.  This place is legit! Their soup dumpling is worth the wait!   In addition to their regular pork soup dumpling, I would recommend their sechuan soup dumpling as well. When they say it's spicy, it's spicy. I eat spicy all the time (yes I eat habaneros) and I found it spicy.  Ambiance is good. Just like any NYC restaurant, it's a little smaller and packed!   Highly recommended . Would definitely return.
5 Great lunch special that comes with rice! Highly recommend the Pork with Shredded Green Pepper. The portion sizes are bigger than norm
5 The food is really good. Love all the staffs here, especially the Thais. They give good recommendations and is very caring towards the customer. Very fast and efficient.
5 Great authentic food and very good atmosphere!! Service is great and very fast. Good selection of dishes and drinks
5 Goooood food and milk tea  The tea here is very good and the crab tofu and crab dimpling and chicken wings  Good serivuce too
5 This restaurant is pretty good. One of my fav Chinese restaurant in St Marks. Recommend the Xiao Long Bao here.
5 I would cheat on my fiancee with these XLB's. Truly the best in town! I'd like to go into detail about what I did to these things, but it crosses into the X rated category. We'll just leave it as is. BEST IN TOWN.
5 The best spot in the city for soup dumplings for sure. The spicy soup dumplings are amazing--painful in all the best ways. Have tried most of the dim sum menu and have loved everything we've had. Can't go wrong!
5 This place has the best dumplings I've ever eaten! Service is amazing, staff is very quick and attentive. They recommend great dishes. Wontons in chili oil, pan fried dumplings, and bacon+egg fried rice is so good!!!!! Must try!
5 Best Chinese food in NYC! I have been here so many times. Xiao long bao is a must-have!
5 The dishes are good. I enjoy the tea a lot. The cooking style is quite authentic. It is a bit tailored according to local taste. Overall it's a good place.
5 Awesome spot on St. Marks.  Some of the best xiao long bao I've had in NY.  Fast and cheap!
5 I  the tea! Ooolong tea. The leaves are so pretty. It tastes delicious and the food looks so yummy.
2 My review is for my experience 2 years ago. I haven't been back since.   1. A staff at this restaurant stole my sunglasses.  I left my Karen Walker sunglasses here while dining. I called them within 10 minutes of leaving the restaurant, and a female staff answered the phone and said she found my sunglasses and I can pick it up tomorrow. So I went back the next day, and the restaurant said they never found the sunglasses. They even called the female staff from the day before but she said she never found those sunglasses.   2. Their food quality is consistently declining. I used to come here a lot for Xiao Long Baos. However, couple of years later, they stopped serving steamed Xiao Long Baos. They only had "pan-fried dumplings." They tasted like mediocre frozen dumplings defrosted and fried on a pan. We were disappointed and asked the server what's going on, and the server confirmed that they were indeed frozen dumplings pan-fried. Unfortunately they didn't want to go through the hassle of serving steamed Xiao Long Baos anymore. I've never been back ever since.   (More recent reviews seem like they brought back the xiao long baos? I don't know.)  I gave 2 stars because their other dishes are still decent. But they're not enough for me to come back to the restaurant.
5 Pretty authentic Chinese food Love the fish and pork here Spicy and tasty  It's very close to my office, come here every week
5 The meal was great. Everything was very tasty and prepared on time. Highly recommended.
5 Really quick service. Soup dumplings were really flavorful and the Shanghai fried noodles were good - nothing super fancy but I loved the thick noodles it came with. Got there around 6 on Sunday and by the time we left at 7 there was a line out the door
4 Small crowded place but with tasty xiao long bao! I really like the crab xiao long bao, Dan Dan noodle, Mapo tofu, and Szechuan fried chicken. They're  very efficient and definitely can get you in and out in honestly less than 30 minutes from when you get seated. It's in a prime location on st marks so you're near a lot of great dessert as well!
1 Extremely bad service and awful dining experience. The server is very rude. The dishes are oily. never come again.
5 The spicy cucumber is sooo goood ! And the spicy dumplings. Came here for lunch the food comes out so fast. The food exceeded my expectations to be honest
4 Love the decorations, the seats and the space in the restaurant.   We ordered pork ribs noodles, Bok Choy, xiao long bao and pork belly with chilli sauce.   Everything is very good except the pork belly with chilli sauce. Highly recommended the pork ribs noodles! If everything is a little less salty, that would be perfect!
5 Ended up here by accident, but it was great. Environment is a little loud, and there was a 20 min wait, but that's normal on Friday night in NYC. We tried Kung Fu Xiao long Bao (pork/soup dumpling), shrimp dumplings and Tso General Chinken. Everything was tasty, but my favorite was the rose drink, delicious!
5 Very small and crowded place, had about a 30 minute wait for 2 people but sooo worth it. Me and my boyfriend shared three different dishes and they were all delicious. The menu is huge so we didn't even begin to get to try everything but i would definitely go back to try more because everyone's food looked so good. Very fun find.
5 This is probably the best mapu tofu I have ever eaten! Just spotted this place while walking through St. Marks Place. Literally everything we ordered was amazing ! The dan dan noodles are great, the baos, the dumplings.. I'm going to come back to try out other things from their menu!
4 This place is pretty good. It's got 4.5 pork soup dumplings, nice vegetarian offerings, and reasonably priced drinks.   The plastic chopsticks are undesirable. They slip on food and cut through tofu too easily. Service was not stellar but wasn't offensive. I would visit for the soup dumplings again, but not a full experience.
4 First of all, the ambiance in the restaurant is very nice - not too dark but still creates an intimate atmosphere. I shared the eggplant and string bean dish and it was delicious! A bit greasy but I can't complain. I split the mini XLB and they were pretty good! Then I had the chicken and scallions and it was very tasty, but also greasy. Overall I really enjoyed the food and would return.
4 Coming in with a party of 4 adults and 1 toddler, it looked like we were going to have to wait a while for a table that could accommodate all of us! We can't really reserve at The Bao, so we had no choice to wait it out if we wanted to eat here. Fortunately for us, we only had to wait about 10 minutes on a Saturday afternoon! In the beginning, there was some confusion as to where to put our stroller. One employee ended up telling us we could just put it in the corner, but when we sat down, another employee told us we had to put it in the back. Then she ended up putting it on the middle of the floor by a counter. We found this weird; the employees need to work on their communication on where to put things such as strollers. Anyways, we ended up ordering some pork belly and crispy beef along with two orders of soup dumplings.   The soup dumplings came out first, and although delicious, they were a mere fraction of the savoriness of the upcoming entrees. Perhaps it was because it was hot outside that day, but I didn't enjoy the soup dumplings as much as I would have normally. Maybe on a winter's day would I have enjoyed them more.   The braised pork belly came out and it was beautifully soft and tender! I could have easily cut it with a butter knife or fork. Sweet, soft, and savory, I found myself easily itching for more. Although the dish looked small, it was deceivingly a large amount - a pleasant surprise for us!   The crispy beef, which was quite the opposite from the soft pork belly, was equally delicious! They almost looked like fries, except in beef form. Very oily and spicy, it paired well with its softer and sweeter counterpart of the braised pork belly.   Overall, I am glad we came to The Bao and ordered what we did! I would recommend people to come here at least once!
1 I came for the soup dumplings (supposedly the best in the city) BUT they only serve them after 5pm ...  I wanted an egg drop soup and guess what I need to take 2 soups or no soup ...   Maybe I'm cranky today but really???   Easy to point more than 4 item on the menu that they don't serve.  I may come back but after 5pm. Not sure yet
4 Craving soup dumplings and decided to order to-go because I knew this was a busy place. I ordered pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, spicy wontons, spicy cucumbers, and dan dan noodles.   All of the soup dumplings and spicy wontons were bomb. soup was good, the fillings and flavoring were on point. Just enough saltiness and soupiness to satisfy my soup dumpling needs. I had no complains about them.   The dan dan noodles were ok, nothing stood out to me about them and I even only had one bite. Meh. The spicy cucumber salad also did not impress me at all. not refreshing, most of it was thinly sliced cucumber skin.   Over all I have a mixed experience because I loved half the dishes and didn't think much about the others. I will give it 4 stars because I loved the soup dumplings and wontons so much and would come back just for those items.
4 The Xiao Long Bao were delicious. The soup inside was tasty and made to the spot. The pancake was tasty. However, the sampler (or whatever its name is) wasn't worth it because it consisted of steamed dumplings     The ambiance and location were ok. It is located in Astor place which is reachable  There weren't too many people coming to eat at this place, so the line was short and it was quick to get a spot   I'd recommend this place for its Xiao Long Bao, everything else is at your own discretion
5 My go to for Asian in the city. Everything here is AMAZING. You need to get the finger Bao as an appetizer - it's 12 mini soup dumplings. In terms of entrees the Kung pao chicken is my absolute favorite - the general tso chicken is also so good. The shanghai pan fried noodles are delicious especially if you add beef. Sometimes there is a long wait but it is WORTH the wait!!! The absolute best! It is also great delivered i get it delivered probably once a week
2 I only liked the soup dumplings. We got the Kung Fu and Crab ones. Then we ordered the braised pork noodle soup and the spicy fried chicken with bone. What a disappointment! The broth was so salty and the spicy fried chicken was no only spicy but the dish is a joke. There were only a few bits of chicken. Each piece of chicken was the size of my fingernail and with bones, so you're not really getting any chicken meat. Won't come back here.
5 Delish at a great price!  First time having soup dumplings and they DID NOT disappoint!  Kind of surprised that they did not offer more Asian beer ( only Tsing tao) but that was my only (small) issue lol
5 The food here is delicious. Highly recommend the crab meat long bao and the poppin prawns.
3 Not my favorite spot for chinese food. The food was okay, nothing special. The kung pao chicken was rather bland and chicken wasn't as crispy as I wanted it to be. Overall pretty expensive and there are better options in the vicinity.
5 Incredibly fast service! Very great food at an inexpensive price. Highly recommend sharing and doing a family style set up. It is walk in only and not huge so you might have to wait a tad.
1 Poor man's food!  Oh boy, I wish this owner can use some quality ingredient, I did not pay over 50$$$$ for some sh*ty beef and pork.... this restaurant is good for those poor local NYU kids who does not care what they put in their body, but wow! Do u really think every customer who walks in to your restaurant knows only salt and oil?!!! Wow!   为什么是给穷人吃的呢？ 因为真够咸！ 穷人，便宜货吃多了，不咸就尝不出味道了 便宜的饭菜，用最差的料，差的食材本身已经失去味道了，盐，油，不多的话真的是没味道。 穷人，吃惯了，舌头已经除了盐，油，以外不灵敏了。 这就是为什么穷人去的饭店，你会看到很多人抱怨不够咸，富人去的饭店，你会看到有人抱怨太咸。  我叫外卖以前先看看价钱，太便宜了我不吃，为什么？健康很重要。  叫了红油抄手，麻辣牛肉片，午餐的麻婆豆腐，还有牛肉炖土豆。除了咸，油腻，以外，牛肉没有牛肉的香味。牛肉片，除了咸辣，还硬！你要是闭着眼睛都可能吃不出来那是牛肉。  麻婆豆腐连猪肉末都没有，素的，还好你用的是嫩嫩的豆腐，不然的话这哪里是吃饭呀。真想问问老板自己吃不吃。。。  要不是外面天气热我真想拿回去退  赚钱不容易！还请不要把客人当猪！
4 To continue our Asian theme for the night, my friend chose this spot as one of her favorite spots. I was excited to see dim sum on the menu as well as some others. We were seated right away. We ordered the kung fu xiao long bao, sauteed string beans, pork dumplings, and dan dan noodles. Everything was absolutelt delicious. The kung fu xiao long bao was amazing; the flavor literally explodes in your mouth. I couldn't stop snacking on the string beans, and I devoured the pork dumplings. Dan dan noodles was probably my least favorite but that was also pretty good. I was so happy eating here; the price is also pretty reasonable. I will definitely be back as well as recommend this spot to everyone!
4 We were wandering down St. Marks trying to find a place to eat when the photos of the soup dumplings caught our eye! Thank god there wasn't a line when we arrived and we were seated immediately. The dark lighting and the wooden tables made for a slightly more upscale feel. The restaurant's tables were placed really compactly so we had to maneuver our way to our table.   [ Champagne Milk Tea ] We ordered this drink out of curiosity but couldn't taste the champagne at all. I had envisioned the drink to be bubbly but it was smooth and tasted just like classic milk tea, but lighter. It was a good drink but nothing special!  [ Kung Pao Chicken ] We came for the soup dumplings but this dish stole the spotlight! In addition to the aesthetic colors of the dish, the chicken and vegetables were diced very evenly. I loved the sweet and vaguely spicy flavor of the dish!  [ Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao ] We figured that this was probably the "original" soup dumpling flavor and I think we were correct? The dumplings were difficult to peel from the dim sum container and the skins often ripped. What spilled out of the dumplings was this goopy-looking liquid that didn't really resemble soup. Even so, the flavor of the dumpling filling was rich.
1 I usually eat at The Bao with my friends at least 2-3 times a week. I won't be doing that again after finding a CATERPILLAR in my pea shoot! We complained to the server who then got the manager for us who then FINALLY agreed to do more than just take that one item off our bill. He agreed to void our whole meal which we couldn't complain about. We were about to leave the servers a tip, since they did nothing wrong, but one of the female waitresses snatched my soda out of my hand stating that we no longer could touch anything since we won't be paying for it. We called the manager over again and found ourselves yelling back and forth with the female waitress as the manager did nothing. This place was a complete disappoint. The food was great, besides the nasty bug we found and the service is disgusting!
1 The hostess, Rata, delivered an aggressive, invasive, unwelcoming, and near humiliating dining experience.  I have been a customer of this restaurant for over five years. I recently attended the restaurant again after sometime and after being seated was informed that they now require a $10/minimum per person policy. I wanted to order Xiao long bao, (what they are famous for), and we had the hostesss come over and refused to serve us. She was incredibly condescending and rude, and claimed that the (very) fine print on the top of the newly printed menu (in the nearly pitch black restaurant) was enough to inform us of the new policy. She repeatedly glared at us during the rest of our meal, making us feel harassed. It was a horrible experience at a place that I had enjoyed so much previously.
5 Loved the soup dumplings at The Bao. Every dish was well flavored and we will definitely be coming back!
3 Why this place doesn't serve the thing they are most liked for and known for until 5 PM yet are open for lunch is mind-blowing. Who manages this place? Who owns this place? Everything is always a fucking mystery. Just be normal, run your shit like normal, and get more customers and respect. We love your soup dumplings, not your ever-changing rules of when and if they might be available.
1 If i can give 0 stars i would. I went in with two of my friends earlier today. We ordered 3 entrees and 1 drink (crispy beef, sichuan chicken and salt&pepper jumbo shrimp also champagne milk tea). The only good one was the shrimp. The milk tea was alright but not worth the price. The crispy beef however, didnt even taste like beef and tasted burnt and the sichuan chicken was too crispy.  We complained to another server because our server, Paolo, was mad RUDE and never checked on us even once after taking our order. But the other server was clearly not experienced. When we told her the crispy beef tasted burnt and asked her to take it back to the kitchen she didnt even say sorry and she didnt even take it off the bills (when if youre experienced, that should be the first thing that you would offer to do).  We usually never write bad reviews but the food and service was so bad that we felt the obligation to.   I was terribly disappointed and i dont think i've ever experienced something this bad.
4 Some of the best Chinese food in Manhattan! That being said, it still does not compare with the Chinese food in Southern California. The main thing that bothered me though was that it was quite expensive, especially for Chinese food. That being said I still used to go here for my Chinese food fix when I lived in New York, since it was the only decent place around. I especially loved their Nutella XLB!
4 5 stars for the soup dumplings and the pork belly appetizer, but 3 stars for everything else. The rest of their food is average but they really do knock it out of the park with both the crab and the pork soup dumplings and the pork belly app. Come here for those, I wouldnt bother with anything else! I am also looking forward to returning to try the dessert dumplings
5 The Bao is my happy place, whenever life gets me down I just picture biting into their delicious soupy dumps. Each time I go my table orders at least 6 orders of soupy dumps, formally known as Xiao long bao because they are that incredible. Obviously I recommend getting soupy dumps here but beware they come scolding hot.
4 Went here with 11 year old, and as expected, were the only people here not 'on a date'. St. Marks Place, people. We ordered 2 kinds of XLB, 2 kinds of vegetables and a Dan Dan noodle. The order the food arrived was odd - within minutes of our order, the DanDan noodle came out. Then the vegetables and lastly, the XLB, one kind at a time. Entrees obviously always come first, because the table next to us ordered and their Cumin Lamb came out first. Still, strange....  The DanDan noodles were yummy but small. The vegetables (Lotus Root and String Beans) were fairly large portions and satisfyingly tasty. The regular XLB was mediocre in flavor, but the Crab XLB rocks. Would come back and order a few flats of those. Yeah.
3 This place kinda disappointed me. It came highly recommended but pretty much everything I tried was only so-so. Everything was fine except the crispy beef which was BURNT! I can't imagine anyone wanting this taste in their mouth. Nope nope nope.   The milk teas are just that, nothing special besides the presentation. I thought I would really taste the rose but it tasted the same as the champagne milk tea. Just had some rose petals on top.   Scallion pancakes can't be bad, so I liked this for sure. Probably my favorite part.   Slow service, kinda rude. Just really eh.
5 Wow !! I wish I could give this place more stars. I'm kinda sad I went here because now I know that none of my local places even compare. I went with a friend and we shared seasame chicken ( so good) dim sum 5 ways ( my fav being the sticky rice one ) and the finger bao. We were debating whether to get the regular XLB or the tinier ones that were pan fried on the bottom. I'm so happy we picked the finger bao. 1. The pan fry at the bottom gives you less of a chance of it leaking 2. It's a lot easier to fit in your mouth! The broth in the soup dumpling was so flavorful and the pork wasn't fatty, which I am not a fan with the broth or pork is fatty and this wasn't. For dessert we had the chocolate soup dumplings and they were amazing ! We wish we went with more people so we could have shared more dishes !!!!
3 NO SOUP DUMPLINGS TIL 5PM. The BAO doesn't do xiao long BAO til 5PM. So disappointing.  Food is good. The super spicy xlb is somewhat addicting. My cousins and I couldn't stop thinking about them.  After a few weeks of constantly craving for them, I've decided to take my boyfriend. Got to The Bao, was greeted, sat, looked over the menu and was ready to order: "Oh we don't serve soup dumplings til 5PM. We're on lunch menu." I got up and left. Sure, I was handed the lunch menu that didn't have the soup dumplings as a choice, but why was I also handed the regular menu when I can't order from there.  As much as I wanted to give more stars, I'm deeply hurt.  Again,  NO SOUP DUMPLINGS TIL 5PM. The BAO doesn't do xiao long BAO til 5PM. So disappointing.
4 Who knew dumplings could make you feel this way?   The Xiao Long Bao were so delicate and soupy and wonderful. My favorite part of the meal. The Mapo Tofu was also a big highlight, even as someone who really never eats tofu. Most people say the texture is what throws them off, but this dish is made so wonderfully that the tofu doesn't have that bouncy/chewy texture you think of when you hear tofu. It completely fell apart in your mouth and was the perfect flavor with the spicy, garlicky sauce and scallions. Make sure you get rice -- a definite must with this dish! We also had the pan fried noodles and they were so. good. A solid balance of flavors to our spicy part of the meal with the Mapo Tofu. The noodles were super thick and delicious. Would definitely get every single one of these again.  My only real negative was the service. I ordered a couple beers throughout the meal and the first spewed a bit (as if it'd been shaken up) but it wasn't anything major. The same thing happened with the second, but it completely overflowed all over my hand and the table. The waiter walked by and said... "is everything fine?" And I said, "well the beer spewed everywhere...." as I'm holding the beer up as it continues dripping all over the table, and he just walked away, and didn't bring back any napkins? We had to flag him back down to get one and he ends up wiping the table but still not bringing a napkin for the beer all over my hand?! It was weird and annoying.  That said, I'd still definitely come back for the food. Was just a little put off but the service.
4 Was skeptical to try new fusion soup dumplings, but man oh man was I glad I did! First off though the wasabi dumplings were a miss, too much wasabi so it felt like a shot to the brain every bite. If they lessen the amounts where each bite gives off a hint of wasabi instead, then that would be best. It's got potential but long ways to go.  As for the chocolate dumplings, it was glorious. Chocolate banana flavor anything is good, but when it's wrapped inside a thin soup dumpling skin, this is a level chocolate crepes and waffles can't match. The chocolate lava was so good, definitely deserves a repeat order, asap!
5 This is the best XLB place in this side of the country. I live in LA and we have lots of good chinese places there. So happy i found the bao cuz ive tried several chinese places here in NYC but theyre not even close to what we have back home in CA. This one on the other hand is super good. Now i understand why they are always busy  their XLBs are to die for. Super thin and super good. Wasabi xlb is my faveeeee  we also tried Sichuan chili chicken and the sauteed string beans.. they serve big btw. will come visit here every time i visit ny. Very strategic location too. close to subway.  Adtl note: They only serve xlb after 5pm o weekdays but wholeday during sat and sun.
1 The soup dumpling is the only thing that's worth it.  Ordered fish in red chili oil: thick red chili oil and no flavor no salt no garlic no scallion no szechuan peppercorn.  Stir fried cabbage: it was 70% cooked and 30% raw, oily.  Not going there again.  also the restaurant is dark very uncomfortable.
5 I went to The Bao last Sunday to have brunch with my friends. We had soup dumplings, it was AMAZING! Never had wasabi on my dumplings before and it was just perfect! We also had those shrimp with egg yolks and crispy chicken with lots of chili peppers and it was just divine! Big portions, good for sharing plates. Its a perfect place to eat with your friends and family!  I can't say anything with the service. Everybody was so helpful and they are very knowledgeable about the menu! Definitely coming back and try some other things!!
5 Excellent food Good service . If you like Chinese food, you really should try The Bao- especially the soup dumpling and spicy chicken. Great food at a great price i love this place!!!
5 I'm come back again with my friend for soup dumplings.  We went there on Monday night as xiao long bao start to serve at dinner time (5.00 pm for weekdays ) beside of soup dumplings the waiter recommended to get black bean with chive it's come with minced pork and another dish sliced fatty beef in sour soup  ..it's a little spicy but it's very good combination. So amazing...  The waitress she was nice and sweet...for sure that i will come back again..!!!
4 We went to The Bao because their soup dumpling reviews looked promising. Party of 2 and arrived around 1pm on a Sunday and got seated immediately. The waitstaff isn't the friendliest, and they didn't come around often, but they did bring us an extra cup so that we could split our green tea, which was really delicious.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings, pan fried noodles with vegetables, and a scallion pancake. The pancake was really well cooked and very flavorful, though a bit on the oily side. The noodles also seemed much oiler than they needed to be, and the portion was somewhat skimpy given the price ($13). Also, the waiter seemed surprised that we requested the noodles without meat.  The soup dumplings were great and were thoroughly enjoyed, so it's reassuring to know that The Bao is justifiably popular for them. In future visits I'd probably go just for the soup dumplings because you can definitely get better and cheaper noodles elsewhere.
5 It's inexplicable to me how this place isn't rated higher than it is. In my experience, there aren't many places in the city where you can get dumplings as good as those at The Bao. The thing is, there's way more to this spot than just the dumplings. My girlfriend and I also decided to go with the scallion pancakes and the sesame chicken, both of which were awesome. All in all, we had the pancake, chicken, 18 dumplings in total, and plenty of white rice. All of it was delicious, and even with tax and tip, we kept it under $60. This is a great spot if you're out and about in Lower Manhattan and are looking for a solid bite.
1 I went with 3 friends and the waiters would not acknowledge us. We finally flagged them down and they walked away before we finished ordering. We were trying to flag them down the entire meal and finally got their attention when we were almost finished eating to order our drinks. We still wanted to order more but didn't bother because our experience was already so terrible. They came back 10 min later saying they were out of all the drinks. We had to flag them down again for the check, which we wanted to split 2 ways. The first card was charged 1/2 the bill and the second was charged the full amount. The waiter was walking away already when we pointed it out to him. To top it off, we felt very pressured to tip well because the waiter was watching as we entered it.   Another one of my friends went an hour later and he said they were trying to kick him out the entire meal before he was done. The food is good but the service is so despicable it's not even worth going.
3 **I want to preface this by saying that the food was 5-stars, but our service was 2 or 3 stars, which is the only reason I gave this review less than 5 stars. Our waiter war horrible. It was one of those experiences where you leave thinking "wow I appreciate good service so much better now because of how horrible that service was." I came last Thursday, March 7th, and was sitting in the back corner by the window @730pm. Our server was either high as balls, or didn't give a shi*** about us. He was barely listening to our order; after he left we all looked around like UHH good luck if we get half of what we just ordered. Of course, we did not get 2 of the 5 dishes we ordered and thus ordered them again. I kid you not this dude was so spaced out and non-attentive, I would rather have gone somewhere where the food was lower quality but the service was better, because it was that bad. Ok moving on from service-- the food was great. We got the 2 soup dumplings,  pork dumplings, chicken dumplings, & green beans and all was amazing.
3 I went with the wasabi and super spicy Xiao Long Bao. Both were equally terrible. I thought wasabi one will be a bit weird. But the wasabi flavor was so strong I could not eat more than two. The strength with which wasabi burned my nose, I thought it was vaporize from my face. Unless you are wasabi fanatic, avoid it. Generally shops add chili oil to dumpling and call it spicy dumpling. But their super spicy dumpling is not that. They added some super spicy chili powder to make those dumplings. I eat a lot of hot and spicy food. Even I could not eat more that two of those dumplings. So it's best to avoid this as well. The dumpling skin was thin and there was enough soup in it. If I went for Kung Fu or crab it would have been ok. Finally their chocolate dumpling was really good. It was a dumpling filled with banana and Nutella.
1 The food was ok but the service was awful that we will not be coming back. When we went in we missed the sign about them only serving soup dumplings at lunch and se we asked some clarification questions and the wait staff was very rude, one of our water glasses was dirty, and then at the end we were looking at the check and saw we were over charged for some noodles we ordered. When we talked to the wait staff they told us they saw us looking at the dinner menu so would be charged dinner prices (even though it was lunch time). So I guess if you go make sure to only look at the menu you plan on ordering from.
3 3.5 stars.  The beef in 'Beef in Chili Oil' is a bit too thick and the dish is not as spicy as it should be.  Soup dumplings are not bad though def not the best.  String beans and eggplants are pretty good on the other hand.  I would give 4 stars but food is too salty and portion is not large overall.  This place is always busy due to it's location, but for those who want more authentic Sichuan food, go to Grand Sichuan in midtown instead. Worth the trip.
4 The finger bao was great! I like them even better than Xiaolongbao. Slow cooked beef and potato is of great portion and with plenty of beef! I ate half of the pot and took the picture. It is tasty. The only pity is we wanted to order lamb ribs but it sold out.  UPDATE: Finally got the lamb chop! I was told it's unusaul for the sold out case as I encountered last time. It was so amazing with the cumin flavor and lamb oil! Impressive!
5 Best soup dumplings in Manhattan. I've been coming here for a few years (including during the insane stretch where they stopped serving soup dumplings due to "quality issues" -- thankfully this has now been remediated) and The Bao gets five stars for consistency, delicious food, and brisk, efficient service.   My must orders are always the soup dumplings (one kung fu XLB, one crab), the eggplant with garlic sauce, and the scallion pancake. The hot and sour soup here is incredible on a cold winter day (and true to its name -- you will be sweating when you eat this), and surprisingly super filling. I also really enjoy the finger bao, which are heavier than the XLB and pan-fried. Go for the soup dumplings if you're only getting one type of dumpling, but the finger bao are worth an order if you're with a group or want to try something new.   Other favorites are the braised pork belly, the chongqing fried chicken (this is HUGE, FYI), and the customizable dry pot. The dry pot is better for groups though, otherwise the cost of adding individual ingredients adds up pretty quickly. If you're looking for carbs to pair with the rest of your meal, the Shanghai pan fried noodles and dan dan noodles are both worth an order.   Oh, and my guilty pleasure are the chocolate dessert soup dumplings. Yes, they sound weird, but they're like little chocolate bombs that explode in your mouth. Have to try it at least once.
2 I think The Bao has given up because it has kept going downhill time after time over the last few years.   The last meal I had here (today) honestly tasted like frozen Chinese food you buy from Trader Joes. There was no freshness in anything and even the pieces of fresh vegetables they gave me with veggie spring rolls looked sad and tasted bland.  Maybe my standards for Chinese food went up because when I first moved to East Village I was a frequent visitor at The Bao with no complaints. However, as of now, with so many amazing Chinese food options abound I don't think I'll eat at The Bao again.
5 My friends and I ordered a few items for takeout, the man at the front stand was friendly and promptly put in our orders. We all shared a few orders of the crab soup dumplings, spicy eggplant, scallion pancakes, and Dan Dan noodles. The soup dumplings were the perfect texture and the flavor was delicious!
5 Stringbeans are good, and hostess was very quick and accommodating to sit a party of 20. They also had my favorite sparkling sake, Mio.
5 I have been here a few times and have never had a bad thing. The Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao, sautéed string beans, Kung pao chicken, and bacon and egg fried rice are some of my favorites!  The wait staff is amazing and food comes out quick but I've never not had to wait less than 30 minutes.
5 This place has the best soup dumplings I've ever tried. I burned my tongue from eating them so quickly so be careful. Soooo YUMMY. I came here a while ago and ordered a few other dishes including the dan dan noodles and the wonton in chili sauce. Those were good, but the dumplings were the highlight of our lunch. Next time I come I'm only interested in getting more dumplings!!!
5 Looking for a thin skin soup dumpling place? This is THE ONE! Way better than Joe's Shanghai as for soup dumplings
2 Ordered the soup dumplings and the chili oil wontons-- so yum! HOWEVER! My sauce plate and serving plates were both chipped. I was horrified. Honestly I wouldn't have cared too much but these were really sharp edges and it was unnerving. Also the girl servers aren't really kind. Ugh.
5 Great soup dumps. The very spicy ones are incredible and so worth the pain. They also have crab soup dumplings for non pork eaters!!
5 Love love love this place. Best Sichuan chili chicken ever! And I've tried a few at other places. Def come try that that if you're ever there! Their dan dan noodles are also rlly good. Also Mapo Tofu is a staple dish that I always love to get.
5 We went back to the bao to discover that the xlb is back and is as good as ever!  Definitely recommend coming here again.
4 Really good place! Fast service and good food! It's worth the try! The broth dumplings are to die for! Really juicy, tender and melty in the mouth. I personally really enjoyed the experience in the dark atmosphere.
5 Good soup dumplings ! They don't add sugar to their dumplings which I love ! Not too doughy either! Yummy spot. Also had the Szechuan Dan Dan noodles and couldn't stop eating them. My boyfriend got the pork fried rice which was great too. We weren't that hungry when we went but ended up finishing everything bc it was so tasty.
5 I've been back to this place so many times. Love their soup dumplings, crispy beef and vegetable fried rice. So good!!!
5 Came on a Tuesday night around 7. I didn't think they'd have seats for three but they did! It didn't start filling up until like 8pm. We had a nice corner to ourselves. Host and the waitresses were friendly and very attentive! We ordered the crab soup dumping, super spicy soup dumpling, Shanghai noodz, sesame chicken and of course the Nutella dumps for dessert! Enjoyed every dish!!! Will be back!
4 This place was like heaven after a day of drinking. The food was so comforting and delicious! I couldn't get enough of the Green beans. Crab soup dumplings were delicious and didn't break as you moved them. Noodles were good as well. Shrimp was to die for.  Definitely need to come back!
4 Went to the Bao after reading a Quartz article where the writer (a Shanghainese native) ate every possible xiaolongbao (XLB) restaurant in New York, and rated the Bao's XLB as the best. Came in with my girlfriend on a Sunday afternoon at 3pm with rather high expectations. Restaurant was empty so were immediately seated. We got the Nanxiang XLB and the chocolate XLB for a total of $20 tax and tip inclusive.   PROS: XLB was definitely very fresh and delicious! the meat filling definitely used a lot of lean meat inside, which is rather different from what you get in Shanghai. The soup in the dumplings were incredibly aromatic, tasty, and seasoned to perfection.  Chocolate XLB was definitely unique as they used a piece of banana as its filling and filled it up with a thick chocolate sauce. Banana + chocolate you can never go wrong with that combination.  CONS: Skins of the XLBs were rather thick, and at parts did tasted somewhat chewy. Could possibly use longer steaming time next time.  OVERALL: Although flavors were good, wouldn't call this my favorite XLB in New York - Still gotta give credit to Shanghai Yu Garden in Flushing for making the best tasting XLB for the best price.
5 The food is off the charts at The Bao.  Time and money permitting I would go there 4,5 times a week!
4 +.5 for service  This place has won my heart for XLB. No more Joe's, no more Nan Xiang, I'm now a disciple for The Bao every time I'm in NYC. I originally wanted to try Yu Garden, but I ended up too far from Flushing that night so this was the backup option.  I arrived at 8:30pm with my family, and sure enough there was a 4-seater table available. Perfect! All I needed to do was stare at the dim sum section. Crab Meat Xiao Long Bao: Check. Chocolate Xiao Long Bao: Check. I also added crispy beef and a veggie side dish (mind you we weren't that hungry at all since we had a late lunch that day).  The crab meat xiao long bao was the second best XLB I've ever eaten (nothing compares to the XLBs at DTF in LA, but this came awfully close). I'd be more than happy to devour only this XLB as dinner, lol. They also did a good job with the veggies here, especially the water spinach. The crispy beef...is a hard pass. The chocolate XLB was a very interesting concept, but not something I'll have a second time (it's basically nutella with bananas).  Service was excellent despite the noise ambience here (it gets really loud, almost izakaya loud). Nonetheless, this is your place for XLB in NYC, despite the 3.5/5 overall review.
5 Ordered crab tofu and it is delecious. Will definitely come back again.
4 I've been to this restaurant twice. The food is great and authentic. Their table for two people is small, but the service is nice.
5 Food: order all the soup dumplings or else you're missing out on the Bao! It's the best soup dumplings I have had including ones I tried in shanghai at the Yu Garden. The thin dough is truly magnificent with amazing soup inside the dumplings. The chocolate soup dumpling with Nutella and banana is also the perfect combination. All the other dishes at this joint is simply put, amazing. This place is so underrated by yelp because they canceled their soup dumplings for awhile but now they got it back and it's truly unforgettable. I also recommend the rose drink, which goes perfectly with all the spicy dishes there.  Customer Service: staff here are nice and the wait time is not bad if you come during the week.  Environment: it's a small joint in saint marks so you will likely to be sharing tables with others.   Cost: very reasonable for the amazing taste you will experience. You're looking at $30-$40/person including the rose drink.  Tips: definitely get the soup dumplings and the rose drink! Must try if you're in NYC!
5 I've been all over Asia but these are the best Xiao Long Bao I've ever had!! The dough is just thin enough to hold the generous amount of pork and crab stuffing. My bf and I come here at least once or twice a month to get these soup dumplings! All the dishes we have tried here are all delicious. I recommend getting the crab tofu, water spinach, fried chicken, and these cute chocolate Nutella xiao Long Bao's to seal the deal. Don't forget the Rose bubble tea!!!!!!!! This place has always been consistent with a fun and intimate atmosphere, great service and amazing amazing food!!!!
5 No where can beat the food back in Asia but these xiao long bao are so good! We also tried the scallion pancake, bok choy, roast pork fried rice, and sesame balls. All delicious and pretty authentic.  I ate so much my stomach might explode... but it was so good I couldn't stop eating
2 Two stars for the XLB (but TBH this is just average XLB you can get in NYC). And the restaurant is nothing more than that. The dishes weren't impressive - you can easily get better Chinese food elsewhere. We ordered over 10 dishes and only the fish in chili oil is above average. The other dishes were either too salty, too greasy or just weird.   The waitress was very impatient and amateur - rolling eyes while taking orders, took her ten minutes to get the menu, disrespectful attitude. And you are forced to pay 20% tips for such bad service.
3 Bad service but still charge you 20% service fee. Rude and impatient. Food is average though buns are good. There are a few other restaurants on the same street that are way better. Would suggest avoid this place
5 Amazing soup dumplings!! Probably the best I've ever had. Great atmosphere and we only waited 15 mins for a table for 2 on Saturday night. Sautéd Green beans and Chili dumplings were delicious too. Food came out super fast. I wish I had more room in my stomach to order more of those soup dumplings! We will come back next time we are in town.
5 Ball to the wall good food. Amazing soup dumplings. Amazing Sichuan food.  Everything we had made us smile and wish we had more.
4 average typical chinese food place nothing really special or outstanding。oveall its not bad for plp who havent had chance to go to china to try the authentic one
4 The Soup Dumplings as good as in Flushing  We visited The Bao two years ago. It is a sister restaurant to Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao in Flushing. We did not eat there at that time as they had a new menu without the soup dumplings. This time they had added our favorite dish back again and it was fantastic. We also ordered Crispy Beef. This dish was, however, a bit overdone and perhaps the beef cuts were too thin.  A three.   We will definitely come back and try also the other dumplings. However, the billing is not "correct" They give you the check and suggest correctly the TIP  % on the sum before tax. When they use their new credit card machine at the table, the automatic fill in is the tip based upon the check PLUS tax. That is not honest. Tip shall not be paid on Tax.
5 Get xiao lo bao, maybe get _a lot_of Xiao lo bao, then keep moving to another place on st marks (might I recommend fried chicken at Boka and the sliced beef soup at SZ mountain).  The XLB (soup dumplings) here are indeed magical. I generally prefer pork, but here the crab won me over. The spicy is not over the top, but they are definitely not fooling around there, a perfect level of edible heat in my opinion.
4 The food here was very tasty, and not too greasy. A fun place to share small plates with a group!  A group of four of us walked in for a table without a reservation around 6pm and we luckily scooped up one of the few available tables. Within a half hour, the restaurant was full.  Dishes to try: lotus root salad. Not something you find too often and it was tasty! The ma po tofu was very flavorful and tangy. As a vegetarian, I felt like there were a good number of options for me here.
5 The restaurant is nicely decorated. The food is delicious. My daughter and I enjoyed every dish we ordered. Would come back next time when I visited my daughter in Manhattan.
4 Amazing! We happened to find this place by accident after being told there would be a 45 minute wait at a Thai place a couple doors down. The restaurant was so busy, but the host was just great and accommodating and put us on the list so the wait was only ten minutes. It took longer to order a cup of tea/coffee around the corner than to be seated which is superb.   The crab xiao long bao was phenomenal.  The sauce they serve it with packs a punch in the best way. It's tangy with a big hit of citrus. I'll definitely be back for more soup dumplings.
3 As long as there are restaurants in NYC there will be people lined up inside and outside to eat in them.  The Bao is no different.  So come either early or late, maybe after 8, if you want to be seated faster. Touting Chinese fares in a dim-lit room, Lust Caution style, you can order some traditional dishes like xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) or stir fried lamb (so much pepper), without the lawlessness of Chinatown.    Curiously, none of the servers spoke Chinese and seem to be Thai.  Thai people cooking traditional Chinese?  Shrug*  I didn't taste anything too exceptional here but the pricing is pretty high for Chinese food.  I guess you are paying for the atmosphere.  Maybe it's okay but not worth it if you have to wait.
4 Didn't hit one bad note in the dinner I had here on Tuesday. Even the seafood was good (I'm not into seafood). The Salt and Pepper shrimp was nice and crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.  They started us out with the Scallion Pancake with Sliced Beef.  When I bit into it, I knew I would want to come back to this place, just for this. The beef was so flavorful.  The Wontons in Chili Oil were good too, with just enough spice for me.  Then came the Kung Fu xiao long bao, what I really came here for, and it did not disappoint. Haven't had one this good in a while.  I've also never had good Dan Dan Noodles until now; the others were lackluster. Maybe because they have a spicy version here (I wasn't able to get the non-spicy one).  The Mapo Tofu was pretty decent, I was actually able to taste the flavor in the tofu, not like other mapo tofus.  I didn't think restaurants serve Sauteed Black Bean with pork and chives, since I've always had it home-cooked from my father. This was just as good.  This was my first time trying Stir fried Pork Knuckles with lotus roots, and it wasn't bad, much better than I expected.  And of course, we had to try the Chocolate xiao long bao (with banana inside), which was actually a good dessert and not too sweet. Although I wish the skin was made more like a summer roll and not like the regular xiao long bao. Great service also.
5 I've been to this place multiple times and I've loved it every time. My boyfriend and I usually stick to the Sichuan Chili Fried Chicken and Sesame Chicken because they're the best in the city we've ever found. After going many times and seeing people always ordering the soup dumplings, we decided to go with the Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao and it was amazing! Definitely our new addition to our meal.
4 Good stop for some hot Szechuan noodles and steamy dumplings on a cold day in the city. Dan dan noodles were really good- chili oil amount was perfect. Also a huge fan of their "5 kinds of dim sum" dumplings, especially the sticky rice one, and their pork rib noodle soup. The broth in that was so flavorful!
1 No Xiao Long Bao, the entire reason for going. If you want them on a Friday don't go until after 5pm.  Had a few other dishes. Nothing special. Standard Chinese.
5 This place is amazing. Definitely worth the walk, the wait, and the price.  The star of the restaurant? The regular and wasabi XLB (aka soup dumplings). Compared to XLB I've had at other places, the wrapper here is very thin so the meat and the soup can be the highlight of the dish. Each dumpling has a giant burst of soup and a good amount of meat. But particularly for the wasabi XLB, they use fresh wasabi in the soup of each dumpling. I usually do not enjoy wasabi, but this is different; the slight spiciness of the wasabi highlights the saltiness of the soup.  But don't forget to try the other dishes at this fine restaurant! Must try's include the Scallion Pancake, which is perfectly crispy, and the Sautéed String Beans, which are salty and seasoned well with Asian spices. If you are ever in New York City, the trip to this fine restaurant is worth it!
5 This place is our go-to for both delivery or a quick dinner! The finger bao are AMAZING (pan fried crispy on the bottom but nice and soup filled inside) and everything else is good too! Service can be a little gruff but if you go into it knowing it'll be a quick and tasty dinner it won't matter. Crispy beef, eggplant and string beans, and Szechuan dan dan noodles are all favorites.
5 Went in for the Kung pow and pork dumplings. They did not disappoint. Small restaurant with lightly dimmed lights. Great for a quick place or a casual time.
1 second week in a row we drove from far for soup dumplings, they said they close 1130, we reach 11, they wont serve us. never coming back waste of time. they dont do phone orders either
5 Authentic soup dumplings that are delicate. Everything we've ordered here has been a hit. I wish they had single orders of their sticky rice dumplings. Favorite was the spicy fish in chili oil with pickles (not red soup) Mapo tofu is soft and very tasty as well!
4 this place is too sexy for lunch anyway - believe it or not the mapo tofu is really good so good i forgot the rice and treated  this like soup. Get me napkins - runny nose because it's spicy... Pork soup dumplings are quite pleasant too... but my heart listened to my stomach and votes Mapo.
5 Brilliant cumin lamb. Polite and efficient service. This place was perfect for a quick and delicious lunch.
4 I was here for lunch with a group. It was 12:30pm on a Saturday, so pretty crowded, but we were seated very quickly. The service was good- patient and fast. We ordered the Kung fu xiao long bao, finger bao, and dry pot. They were all very good and authentic; the xiao long bao had thin wrapping and were super juicy. The dry pot was also very good- we got spicy, which I would recommend if you do like some heat. It was super flavorful; we had it with fish which was just the right amount of crispness and flavor. The food was great- it was just a little on the expensive side. Nevertheless, i left full and satisfied.
3 The Bao is a trendy place in St Mark's to eat XLB and Chinese food. The dishes were only ok with the XLB being the best dish. The service was a little lackluster, and the ambience was contemporary and shiny. A little too much vinyl and shine.   I met with some friends to eat XLB between lunch and dinner. (Lu-nner: lunch-dinner, but actually not. This was my 3rd meal before dinner). The meal was fun, thanks to the company.   We ordered:   Crab meat XLB and Kung Fu XLB- these were perfect. Thin skinned XLB with hot savory soup and I loved the crab meat! I would have ordered more if I didn't eat beforehand.   Twice cooked pork belly- the pork belly was a little stringy. And too many jalapenos with chili oil. The leeks were ok.  Scallion pancake with beef-  Crispy crunchy scallion pancake with savory braised beef. The pancake was crisp but the beef was lacking in flavors. A little disappointed.   Dan Dan noodles- thicker-udon noodles with spinach and pork in Sichuan sauce. These dan dan noodles were ok. The noodle was cooked well, the sauce was a little too sweet and they were heavy on the chili oil.  I would return but only to eat XLB.   instagram.com/snackchatn…
5 These past few months, I've been on the prowl for some tasty Dandan noodles.  Traditionally known for its spicy, Sichuan-inspired flavors, I've been trying them at a few different places, including Han Dynasty in the UWS where I first tried it, and most recently, at Szechuan Garden in Hamilton Heights/UWS.  Han Dynasty was my first exposure to these delicious noodles so they initially enticed me - but hands down, my favorite place to serve Americanized-Sichuan style Dandan noodles have to be at The Bao!  The noodles were served al dente and were not over-cooked as they had been at Szechuan Garden. The level of heat in the Dandan noodles at The Bao was intense, but so sweet and fragrant.  The Sichuan Dandan noodles on the menu are slightly different than the regular Dandan as the Sichuan is spicier and has the peanut butter component.  They had all of the components in the dish - the scallions, chili oil, minced pork, preserved greens, and Sichuan peppercorns.  The leftover sauce was addicting as I kept finding myself going back to the bowl to get more of the sauce.   We initially came here for the XLB which also is a star at this location.  The crab and pork was extremely fresh and did not have the cheap quality smell that some of the other XLB shops have.  The skin was super light, chewy, and thin. Not sure if they use MSG, but it is subtle in comparison to some other places.  The size is smaller than Joe's so the bite is perfect.  Another classic dish we got to share was the double cooked pork which had generous portions of leeks, onions, and blistered peppers which added a punch to the dish.  The least favorite of our order tonight was the "scallion," pancake with beef.  The beef was mediocre and the scallions just didn't have enough scallions in them. However, it would have also been mediocre since all of the other dishes were truly amazing.   I will definitely be coming back for more XLB unless I find another place to satisfy my Dandan noodle cravings and XLB.
2 Baoless Bao was a HUGE bummer.   The Bao circa 2015 to 2017 was decent. The XLB was decent, veggies crisp, and they even had 夫妻肺片 which is a very authentic dish and delish when done well.   Then it went baoless by 2018... And frozen wannabe mini baos don't cut it.  Like stuff you'd get in the freezer section of an Asian supermarket or even, Costco!   Ours came in the pan and were frozen in the middle. Frozen.  The pan sizzle was just smoke.   Why did you betray your bao, The Bao?   Satisfy your savory senses and go to 886 across the street...
5 Classy. Contemporary. Delicious. Too expensive for me. But always a wonderful experience. The staff are friendly and helpful, and normally the space isn't too crowded or loud. I usually treat myself here, so my order would consist of a scallion pancake appetizer (the best I've had in Manhattan), a set of Dragon Bao, and perhaps a Mapo Tofu or General Tsao's chicken (also the most delicious, perfectly crunchy and substantial, least greasy I've had).   The interior design makes me laugh in a good way.   They do seem to change up their menu way too often (maybe 3-4 times in this past 3 years) which can be frustrating when I'm trying to accommodate to a new lunch schedule or order a "usual."
3 The wait for a Saturday night for two is about 30 min which is not bad. The place is intimate and ambiance is casual. We ordered the kung fu soup dumplings, braised pork with buns and the Kung pao chicken. Food was decent, Ive definitely tasted tastier soup dumplings up in fort lee, cliff side park area (which needs wonderful reviews at a later time) The Kung pao chicken was average. The champagne milk tea was tasty. Service was good for a busy Saturday night.
3 The food was ok. We had eaten at another place beforehand and really wanted to try their soupy dumplings. The flavor of the dumplings and the cucumber salad were decent but the dan dan noodles were a total disappoint. Dan dan noodles usually have more meat and has a bit more of a complex flavor. Here the dan dan noodles had only a hint of meat which didn't resulted in less flavoring except a hint of the numbing spiciness to it. Any maybe it was just or serving or cucumber salad - it was slices of skin with a hint of cucumber flesh. What do they do with the core of cucumber. It would be nice if they had more cucumber flesh and just not the skin!
2 The food at The Bao is actually not too bad, the service, however, is godawful.   None of the servers at the restaurant seemed to engage with the customers. This was one of the first experiences of my life where I would have much rather ordered using a device than speak to humans. In the span of 1 meal between the 2 servers and a hostess that we interacted with, we got 1 menu snatched from us (before we completed ordering), 1 forgotten order and only 1 smile.
2 Pros:  Xian Long Bao tastes okay to me.   Cons:  Other dishes are either too spicy or too salty. They just can't balance the tastes of their food!  Crowded and loud environment. What makes me very annoyed was that every time the waiters passed behind me, they kicked my god damn chairs!  The service was pretty average. However, a guy was so demanding on more tips. Like, are you even deserving that much money? He's not even the waiter who served me. Unbelievable!!!
3 Food was all right. Had a lot of starch when it was cooked. Flavor was salty and bland. But steamed vegetable dumpling was very good.
5 PSA: they are back serving xiao long bao. Wasabi bao and Kung fu bao are my personal favorites.   Tried the banana Nutella dessert dumplings as well and they didn't disappoint
4 This is one of my favorite restaurants in New York. I have to go every time I visit the city!  The service can be pretty horrible -- for example, the hostess asked my friends and me to wait outside .. in the rain ... so as not to crowd the entrance. We asked if she was serious, and ofc in typical New York fashion, she replied with an unamused "yes." But other times, they can be pretty great -- for example, they added the corkage fee a couple years ago, but our server waived the fee for us (he seemed pretty nervous about doing it though lol).  Don't think you can go wrong with any of the dishes. We always get the crispy beef and mapo tofu. Their XLBs are just OK.
5 I'd been wanting to try bao ever since I saw the short film before Incredibles 2 lol. It was so delicious! Definitely recommend you try it and add some of the vinegar sauce they provide. The Crabbies beer was recommended, but I didn't love it, and the Shanghai pan fried noodles were a little dry, but the bao and dumplings were totally worth it.
1 It used to be a good restaurant with reasonable wait time for food and good quality food. But now things are different. Very low quality food with very long wait time for the food. Not recommended anymore
3 We were walking around St Mark's looking for a quick snack spot around 12 PM on Saturday and oddly enough, a lot of the restaurants were relatively empty but the Bao was packed with people, and we thought why not just see how long the wait is. We probably waited 5 minutes before sitting down.  The middle of the restaurant is a huge communal table and surrounding the walls are individual sized tables. We sat at the communal table and there was a huge problem in the service. The waiters bringing out the food seemed to have no idea who at the table they were delivering food to and it was just extremely disorganized.   For the food we tried the crab xiao long bao (xiao long bao = soup dumplings) and the pork dumplings in the hot and sour. The crab xiao long bao was good and the skin was made well where they don't crack, but again I've had better xiao long bao near by in Chinatown. And about the pork dumplings, not sure if the hot and sour was a good way to phrase the sauce, as there was no hot in it at all. I wasn't impressed with the bao, but at the same time, I would still come here again to try.
4 Very crowed popular place. Waited 40 mins to get in.  Juice dumpling is in good flavor.
5 I came this noon with two friends. It's so delicious! I love almost every dish we ordered. The soup dumpling is just like what I had in China. I also recommend the cucumber and fatty beef here. A great place to go when I miss Chinese cuisines.
5 We went 3 times this trip Really good and tasty chinese food Very good value and despite the line it is worth it Dont miss soup dumplings
3 Takeout took way too long. Was sitting there for 30 minutes on two orders of xiao Long bao.
1 Waiter is terrible and urges us to leave right after we paid for the meal. Food is ok.
5 The Bao is  a phenomenal restaurant. The food was delicious and the first course came out within 5 minutes. We had Dan Dan noodles, heavenly soup dumplings (we had three orders in all), chicken soup, scrumptious braised pork belly, pork dumplings and stupendous bokchoy. The flavors are definitely old-school, but the decor is modern and cool. The service is fast and friendly. I would definitely go back for divine Chinese cuisine.
3 The Bao. What can I say? When someone names their restaurant after a dish, you would think that they would be amazing! We stopped by for a snack after walking past this restaurant many times. The restaurant was ALWAYS and I mean ALWAYS crowded so we went to see if this place as the place to get THE BAO.   My partner and I walked in and even though there were seats available, had to wait 15 minutes before we could get seated. We were not that hungry and we only came in for the bao so we ordered the XLB along with the Dan Dan Mien. The XLB were pretty decent with the dumplings having very thin skin and a soup that was very flavorful. We asked for more ginger and the waitress brought was extra! Thanks.  The noodles were okay as well. I know that it normally comes with oil, but this was just too much. I pulled my noodles out of the serving bowl and into my plate just so that the noodles were not sitting in the oil for a long time and soaking it all up. Sadness as the only flavor I could taste was heat. I don't think that's a flavor though.   We quickly ate our meal and left.   Grade: B-
5 The baos are back! Almost as good as before; still very delicious! We love the eggplant/string beans, mapo tofu, and the spicy pot!
3 Decent authentic Chinese restaurant, where the dumplings taste great, but if the only issue with the joint is that it seems every other dish (pork stickers, sautéed string beans, braised pork belly, braised ribs noodle) are overly salty. A bit less salt would have made all dishes better and more tasty.
4 Been here a few times. The food are great but getting smaller potion over the years. Quality are good, service staffs can be train better. Overall good food.
4 Attention: xiao Long bao have returned to the menu at The Bao. We tried to crab and super spicy. Skins were delicate. Meat was lean but juicy. Overall, excellent quality and delicious broth. Crab was with crab roe. I preferred the crab to the super spicy. I love spicy food, but in this case the spice overpowered the meaty, juicy flavor that xiao Long bao is known for. The nine steps chicken and clam was also tasty, with big cloves of garlic. Also tried the scallion pancake with beef which was very good but didn't have a lot of meat. Service was not great.
5 I was shocked at how amazing the food was at the bao. It was the first time I ever had soup dumplings and it is definitely not going to be my last. The scallion pancakes, soup dumplings, crispy beef and soup dumplings are all amazing. This restaurant is amazing! And the wait time was only 15 minutes. Highly recommend!
2 I've never been to a restaurant where a waitress told me: "I'm going to repeat your order. Once you confirm, we're not gonna be responsible if they are not what you want because we confirmed with you. The restaurant will make me pay for your whole bill and I obviously don't wanna do it." Her tone literally made me want to leave on the spot. Never gonna come back again
5 Used to come here for lunch after class with a friend every week. What a memorable time! The sour beef soup, the steamed bun, and the sweet sour beef are all tasty. The cuisine here is all carefully cooked, look good, and taste good as well for sure!
5 Been here way too many times and cannot believe I didn't review this place until now. Their spicy soup dumplings(bao) are my favorite in the city! The fish fillet in chili oil is yummm! Ive seen their menu change in the middle(which I didn't like) but you can not go wrong with the bao when you're craving good Asian/Chinese food!
3 I always walk past this place so I have meant to come by and eat here for a while. We were expecting it to be a quick grab and go place, but no it was a sit down place with $10 minimum spending per person. So we ordered just enough to meet the minimum. The bubble tea was definitely the best past. It was made with good tea and it tasted not too sweet. The other two appetizers we got are wontons and cold noodles. They were just ok and it was just mainly spicy. Overall ok but definitely not worth going if it's out of your way.
4 The Bao has a nice atmosphere with open space and dark wood. We started with the xiao long bao which had a super thin skin a nice pork flavor. They forgot to give us the vinegar with ginger so we had to ask for it. We also ordered the Sichuan dan dan noodles which were delicious. The sesame (or peanut) sauce was a nice addition to the dish but only on the top.
4 I eat a lot of dumplings and the soup dumplings from this place were good, but nothing particularly special (overhyped and underwhelming for sure), but not gonna lie... what made this worth it were the desserts. For our savory food we got the crab soup dumplings and the lotus vegetable plate and they were both forgettable, but these desserts were anything but.  This is surprising because I usually skip desserts at restaurants, but the chocolate soup dumplings (filled with banana, and amazingly delicious even though I definitely had my doubts) and taro rice balls were the highlight of the meal, for sure. They were both so unique and fulfilling, and not sweet to the point where it was sickly. I wouldn't come back for the regular food (it was good but a little typical and bland imo) but I'd come back for those items, and maybe to try some more dishes.
3 My 2 coworkers came here at 6:40pm on a Thursday night. We were seated right away. The service was quick and the XLBs were decent. I appreciated how the dough wasn't too thick. The fillings could have been tastier, but they managed to satisfy my craving. As long as you don't expect to have the best XLB of your life, you'll be in good hands. The only thing I would warn against is the extra spicy xiao long bao...they were overly spicy and unenjoyable. It's the type of spicy that makes you not want to eat anything after. The fried sesame balls were surprisingly my favorite. Don't expect to find the sesame balls that you get a dim sum. Instead, it is a deep fried "tang yuan" or black sesame soup dumpling. Would recommend!   I probably wouldn't come back but I wouldn't actively avoid it either. Overall, a very "meh" experience.
5 After reading the comment in New York Magazine that this new East Village Chinese place has the best soup dumplings in NY. A group of us made it just before closing time, an early midnight for this neighborhood on a Friday night. The waiter asked us for our soup dumpling order first and since there were 9 of us, we got 2 orders each of the crab dumplings and the original pork dumplings. No one was gutsy enough for the wasabi or the "very very spicy" dumplings. We then proceeded to order a bunch of dishes to meet pescatarian, vegetarian and everythingtarian tastes. The shrimp and broccoli in garlic were an immediate sensation, as were the amazing salt and pepper shrimp with some lightly fried mushrooms. The garlic shrimp was a bit on the oily side, but still terrific. The rest of the crew also had broccoli with garlic as well as chicken with garlic. All were very happy and very full. I'll definitely be coming back to The Bao and maybe then will try the other kinds of soup dumplings...I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!
1 If you want bland Chinese come here. If you want rude service who rushes you in and out come here. If you want over priced for how good it is food? COME HERE! In all seriousness don't come here it's food is bland the staff is rude and barely gives you time to look at the menu let alone eat. Don't come here
4 The food here is pretty good. Only came once late at night to meet with some friends.... they ran out of xiao long bao for some reason..... so I just had fried dumplings bok choy and dan dan noodles.
3 Food:  Sichuan beef noodle soup was dull and unsatisfying, despite its great appearance. It's like having an itch that you can't scratch. It lacks in aroma and true flavor -- the bamboo roots remains none of its original flavor. It is simply salty.  Cumin lamb was all right but could use more cumin for flavor. Sautéed Bok Choy was good but I suspect the use of MSG.   Finally the Super Spicy Xiao Long Bao is really spicy, and the soup was good and flavorful. But admittedly I feel that the spiciness does mask the flavor. The dumpling has thin skin, but apparently the spice is buried in chunk in the center instead of being mixed throughout the meat.   Service: Asked for hot water, but instead the waitress told me to order tea instead because they don't give you hot water otherwise. They served the XLB after everything else despite it being an appetizer.
1 The food was good, but the service is shady and bad.  They didn't tell us upfront that we had to purchase $10 minimum. When our food came out, they told us then. When we asked if they could waive for us, the waiter said, "I'll just leave the menu here" and smiled.  I don't mind they have the policy, but why tell us when they bring out the food? Really shady, and I don't like our waiters attitude.
3 Does this place need my 3 star review after over 900 mediocre reviews? Probably not. Do I miss the salty duck egg yolk pumpkin dish? Yes. Bring it back! Please?
4 Came here for dinner on a Friday night, so we were really lucky to be seated immediately. The Bao's got a selection of all kinds of Chinese/Sichuan favorites, so my friends and I ordered soup dumplings (kung fu/pork + crab) and Dan Dan Noodles. Their chili oil is a perfect combination of spicy and flavorful, so naturally, the Dan Dan Noodles were great. The soup dumplings packs a punch with a perfect proportion of broth, pleats, and fillings: definitely now my new go-to for soup dumplings in NYC.   The only thing keeping me from a higher rating was the service. The food comes fast, but the customer/worker interactions are lackluster and unattentive (maybe, though, it's because they're trying to deliver the food ASAP). The restaurant wasn't too busy at the time, but there were several waiters and waitresses running around. It's unfortunate, because otherwise, this dining experience would have been perfect. Nonetheless, I really look forward to coming again and trying more of their dishes!
3 As a disclaimer, they DO carry soup dumplings even though they discontinued them for a short period of time.   This place was completely packed when I went and all the dishes people were eating looked very tasty. My friend and I ordered the soup dumplings and the kung pao chicken. Th soup dumplings were pretty abysmal. They are tiny and just bland overall. They are nothing like what you get at a quality spot like Joe's Shanghai, so I would just completely pass on them unfortunately. The kung pao chicken was extremely tasty so I would definitely return for normal Chinese dishes!   Oh yeah, this place is also expensive!
4 Review is for soup dumpling only-  It's pretty good, the thinness of the skin and the flavorful soup with little oil from the meat are what I always look for. Wasabi dumpling was interesting with hint of spice I love, would come back. Vegetable dumpling is also really good.
5 The Xiao Long Bao were fantastic. Thin skin, great soup, great pork.  This is my go-to now for XLB. I may die here.
3 This place is a bit overpriced for the food it serves, but I would come back for the Xiao Long Bao and the scallion pancakes with beef. Those were delicious and worth every penny. Maybe I would come back and try other items that may or may not alter my opinion of this restaurant.
3 Mediocre Szechuan-style food. Wish they had xiao long baos. Service was friendly but this entire menu is overpriced for what you get.
1 1 word to describe. Horrible. Order two dishes- jumbo shrimp with salted egg and chili pork ribs. 1. Jumbo Shrimp - shrimp weren't fresh, and very dry. 2. Pork ribs - this needs help. Very little pork ribs to begin with. Had a few  ribs without meat at all, just bone, yes just bone.   Go elsewhere.
5 We ordered crab and pork soup dumplings! Excellent! We ordered two rounds and will be back next time  we visit NYC!! Also.. ginger tea is delicious..
1 Update: sad to see this place now. Prices have gone up, ridiculously!  No lunch menu, food tastes plain. I wondered what happened to them. Sorry but I had to change my previous  review. I would not mind paying if the food was good,  this food is tasteless!
4 My friend and I went back to The Bao for dinner on Sunday evening. We ordered: - Finger Bao, which 12 pieces of pan fried mini Xiao Long Bao on a hot skillet. The taste was alright, but each piece didn't have enough juice in my opinion. It's also kinda expensive appetizer. $12.95 for 12 mini dumpling. It means each tiny piece is a little more than $1.   - Szechuan Chilly Fried Style with Chicken, which was highly recommend by the server as the most popular item in the menu. I've got to say, I love this dish. It has the perfect spiciness. The chicken was seasoned well and crunchy. It's best to be eaten with a bowl of warm rice (rice is a separate order. The entree doesn't come with white rice)
5 Very delicious and the restaurant is very nice and clean. Highly recommend the finger bao, it tasted very similar to the Shanghai style dumplings(小笼包).
1 Went to a place that is called bao that no longer serves bao....... i really wanted to showcase soup dumplings to my girl for the first time but i will have to wait a little longer to do that. What a confusing disappointment
3 I ordered the mapo tofu because most people seemed to have talked highly of it. It was definitely authentic compared to the other mapo tofu I've had in the the US. I got the mala sensation you get when you eat mapo tofu and the tofu was very soft and silky as expected. It was good but it wasn't amazing. I'll definitely try other things next time.
4 I've been here several times. The ma po tofu is arguably their best vegetarian entree. My boyfriend also enjoyed the pork belly and cucumber served with chili oil. I miss their chocolate xiao long bao - it was the perfect unique dessert. Please bring it back! During dinner time, be prepared for a wait. On a different occasion, our group had to wait 15 minutes even though we had a reservation.
5 It never fails me in ordering some very authentic dishes, many times full of delightful surprises. Taste so good and always available. Very good and will come back even more frequently!
5 The best Chinese restaurant you can find in NYC. Great service, fantastic food and reasonable pricing. Must try the Mapo Tofu and Boiled Fish Filet in Chili Oil.
4 Best: Pork and Chicken Dumplings in Hot and Sour Broth ($9.95 each). Loved the little bite to the dumplings and the tiny bit of work it took to pull the elastic dough away at each bite. The sauce was spicy, oily, and not sour.   Green beans and long peppers. Spicy and fresh, with nicely charred hunks of garlic. My favorite of the night.   Bad: Hot and sour soup - only served for two (?) - was artificially viscous and neither hot nor sour. Nor salty or at all flavorful. I tried but could not find a reason to eat more than two spoonfuls of this dish before asking that it be taken away.   $55 with leftovers, polite but nada server. I had a gem of a time here. After a 20-minute wait for two on a Wednesday night, we had a quick, salty, and tasty dinner served cordially.
5 The best Chinese food place I've ever been to hands down. Delicious food, friendly service and ambience.
5 Both times I've eaten at The Bao, in restaurant and for takeout, it has hit the spot.  We ordered: Ma po tofu -- perfectly spicy and savory, the tofu's texture is silky smooth, big enough for two to share Spicy wontons -- similar chili oil flavor to the ma po tofu, don't miss this delicious item! It's one of our favorites of this dish Szechuan dan dan noodles -- it's tasty with a nutty sesame flavor, it's flavor gets lost when eaten with the ma po and wontons though. I'd recommend getting this separately or starting with this before diving into the chili oil dishes
4 I seem to have an insatiable taste for Asian cuisine, and I'm always on the lookout for some good dim sum, dumplings, and bao. At The Bao, a friend and I split a few appetizers, and that was certainly the way to go. The scallion pancake with beef was extraordinary, the pork dumplings were juicy and tender, and the wontons in chili oil did not disappoint. The 5 kinds of dim sum were fairly lack luster, and The Bao does not have Bao buns on the menu, which is quite odd. My other friends ordered entrees, and they were decently average. I wouldn't be oppose to returning, but I'd most likely try another bao house instead.
4 If you're looking for traditional soup dumplings, unfortunately, The Bao doesn't have them. However, they do have a different version of soup dumplings that will satisfy some of your cravings.  On the menu, it is listed as "Finger Bao" and it comes with 12 of them for $13. They're essentially partly fried ball-shaped dumplings with some broth inside of them. The soup itself is delicious, with the dumpling skin and meat, it is a very good dumpling. It was a nice experience trying them but $13 for 12 modified, somewhat small dumplings may be a tad bit overpriced. If they were $10-11, I believe that would be a better price for the dumplings.  Overall, the atmosphere and service of The Bao is great. It's worth trying out their newer version of soup dumplings but if you're looking for strictly traditional soup dumpling, maybe somewhere else would fit your taste better.
4 I came here for the second time as a vegetarian and didn't have a hard time choosing dishes at all! The lunch special had several V options for me and I settled with the Mapu Tofu dish! The Mapu Tofu here wasn't spicy and didn't have a distinctive tingling sensation of Szechuan food, which some people may think it's unauthentic but I prefer it this way because I don't really like the oily Szechuan cuisines. My friend had Tofu with Minced pork which he said was flavorful. The portion wasn't too big but enough to fill me up until dinner. For a set lunch only only $10, I couldn't really complain because The Bao is such a decent and pretty restaurant.
1 I ordered delivery and the soups came completely open and spilled on the entire order. I called for a refund for the soups and they refused to refund me claiming I would get free soup next time I ordered. If you are going to charge $6 a soup you might want to close the lid.
3 We looked around for a restaurant yesterday that had soup dumplings and some type of noodle soup like ramen or udon and cane across The Bao. Walking in it is a beautiful restaurant. Very small but expected in the east village.  We sit down and someone comes over within minutes to drop off water. We then wait for about three minutes or so and they come over to take the order. I inquired about the soup dumplings, they do not have any. Even though on Yelp there are many photos that show they do. I choose the dumpling sampler. It has 5 different types of dumplings. He choose a Szechuan Beef Noodle Soup and the spring rolls.   Very long story short, the service was good and the food was very lacking.
1 Went in today craving some xiao long bao. They no longer have this on their menu. Was very disappointed. Don't know whose idea it was to get rid of what they're named after, but I don't expect them to be open much longer if they keep it up.
4 The food is pretty authentic Chinese. The space is very limited and usually you have to wait if you are going during the normal dinner time.
5 Great food/ service, so I can't hate, but PLEASE BRING BACK THE XIAO LONG BAO  I literally cry every time we have to travel an hour & a half out of our way to get them from Kung Fu in flushing. You guys would have so much more business if we could keep bringing people here for XLBs. Love you guys, but damn such a bummer. They were the best in the city.
5 DELICIOUS. Best, most authentic Chinese food I've had in a long long time. Dan Dan noodles were delicious as were the pea sprouts and the fried tofu. It was kind of loud inside but we spent most of the time devouring the food so it was fine that we couldn't hear each other too well. It wasn't as expensive as I thought it would be either!
3 Meh. Ordered the pork belly Bao, which was overly salty and not authetic. It lacks some ingredients in a bao. Also ordered a vegetable dish which was mediocre too.
4 Love this place, but my only issue is they stopped serving their best menu item by far: soup dumplings!!   I came here with my dad to enjoy the soup dumplings again after a year and were really disappointed to find out they're no longer available. The waiter did recommend a different dumpling option that was sort of similar though, which we appreciated.   I love the scallion pancakes and find the ambiance to be very cool, even if it gets noisy yet remains pretty dark.
2 I got to say this place was quite pathetic. The whole point of this restaurant  was the soup dumplings and now they have some pre packaged food. They tried to make it as their own by sprinkling some sesame seeds on them, but common. Go to chinatown or flushing if you want good soup dumplings
5 This was my friend's favorite restaurant she ate at this entire weekend!  flavorful, fresh yummy Szechuan + shanghainese food! We got the spicy boiling fish (soooo good), crispy pepper style tofu (this was perfection), dan dan noodles (also perfection), scallion pancakes, and a veggie dish (reminded me of home). Friends got crispy duck which they didnt like as much as the little baos they got.  The atmosphere is really pretty and they were very accommodating when our party grew from 4 people to 6.
3 Used to be my fave Chinese place in the city. Now they don't even serve soup dumplings. The red oil chili wontons are just not good.  The crispy chicken was pretty good.  Will not come back now they do not have soup dumplings and the food deteriorated.
1 Let me begin by saying that The Bao used to be my FAVORITE restaurant in NYC until last night.... so apparently they changed their menu and possibly chef because the food was terrible and tasteless !! I usually get The Bao which was my favorite and they stopped selling it the usual way but now has a new rendition of pan seared Bao. The way that they cooked it wasn't so much the issue but the flavor of the soup inside the dumpling was bland and flavorless. I live in Long Island and would always travel to the city for this but sad to say that will no longer happen again !
5 I came here just to try the chocolate soup dumpling and it was as good as it looked. It might sound gross and weird but it's a combo that totally works. The chocolate was still hot and melts in my mouth. Inside the dumpling it was just chocolate and banana. I also tried other dumplings they had there, the spicy pork one, regular pork one, the shrimp one and they were all pretty good. I also had the wontons in chili oil to go and they were good too. The service was okay because the restaurant is so busy. It's also crowded in there and the wait is usually long so be prepared to wait for awhile and come early!
4 For a Shanghai restaurant not located in a Chinatown; this place is pretty good with it's qualities. I like coming here for lunch as it's convenient if I'm in this area and looking for soup dumplings. Their soup dumplings are delicious. A lot of juice and thin skins with pork. Their scallion pancakes are usually good too. It comes with sauce. Although, occasionally, I felt it was a bit too oily. We also get veggies and noodles, both very delicious.
3 So I haven't been back since 6 months ago but they stopped making the soup dumplings. I came for soup dumplings (which use to be delicious) so I was disappointed. The pan fried version of them was just ok. Maybe they need to change their name too.  The mushroom casserole was spicy and tasty!  The dan dan mian was just mediocre. There was a lot of spicy oil on the bottom of the bowl but the actual minced meat sauce wasn't that satisfying. Everything was a bit too salty though. I won't be going back again !
1 THEY DO NOT HAVE BAO OR SOUP DUMPLING ANYMORE! So disappointed. I went with my parents to show them how awesome the food was but once arriving we discovered they DO NOT HAVE SOUP DUMPLINGS ANYMORE. What a disappointment!!
2 WTF? Was craving soup dumplings (bao).  Came here several times before and it was good.  I question the new menu.  Why would you take X L bao off your menu if your restaurant is named after X L bao?  Severely disappointed.  Put it back on the menu or change your name.  Super misleading
3 This was my second time here and I was very disappointed.   The first time was maybe a year ago and i love it.   I had tried all their soup dumplings.   They were delicious.   They DO NOT have soup dumplings anymore!!!  Now it's just a average Chinese food restaurant.   I would not have waited 30 mins if I had known there was no soup dumplings.    Not sure why they stopped making them considering all the yelp photos are photos of the soup dumplings.   They do have other things but not what I was looking for.
3 Food is good. Very tiny portion though. Good cozy atmosphere. One thing not satisfying is that we made reservation for group of 9 and arrived on time but they made us wait for more than half an hour outside of restaurant when it was freezing cold.
2 This place gets very crowded and isn't worth the wait. They seat people so close to each other (communal tables). As for the menu items, the milk tea champagne and ma po tofu...just no. Didn't like either of these items. Dan dan noodles were okay but definitely have had better food for a better price. FYI - They don't have soup dumplings anymore (not sure why). Scallion pancakes are ehh. Overpriced food. Wouldn't come back
4 A nice addition of authentic Northern China and Szechuan style cuisines in the East Village. The dan dan noodle and red oil wonton are all legit and the five sample baos offer an interesting combination of savory (chicken, pork, vegetable, and shu mai (sticky rice)) and sweat (bean paste) flavors, but the skins were a little hard on some due to they were not served steamed hot.
5 Sat at the communal table with 2 friends on a sat night. No wait around 7 pm surprisingly. We ordered: vegetable dumplings, garlic shrimp, pan friend noodles, and scallion pancakes. It was a ton of food for the 3 of us but Id recommend everything we got (if you eat meat then I'd def get the soup dumplings instead of veggie). Awesome service too
2 This use to be a 5 heck it use to be 100 but they don't make what they are known for anymore. There's truly no reason to visit this small crowded comunal table restaurant if there are no Soup Dumpling especially not the spicy one. I mean other dishes are edible like the sautéed green beans with ground meat but you really only order other food so you have something to eat besides soup dumplings. If they do return I'll be back and revisit my review then. Till then Chinatown it is
2 The food was okay but nothing special. I went there for the bao but there was no bao worth writing about. It was disappointing. Spent $25 on lunch felt robbed at the end. You can easily go other Chinese restaurants in the neighborhood for a similar product but pay 1/3 the price.
4 This was our go to spot for soup dumplings.  They had all sorts of soup dumplings, from spicy to even chocolate! And they were all good! Then one night when we went, we find out that they completely took the soup dumplings out of their menu! So disappointing. Im giving these 4 stars for the memory of those dumplings. I would give a 5 if they brought it back.
2 Changed chef or something. No more xlb, dishes tastes different, had two dirty plates and a dirty bowl served to us. Def not coming back
4 Hands down. The best spicy beef original Dan Dan noodles I've had. Came back here close to midnight  just to split one just for the experience.
1 They serve green tea (not for free) but they don't serve warm/hot water. How stupid it is?
3 I came here because initially, I thought that this restaurant was good for their soup dumplings, but I was wrong. When I came here, there was nothing, except the Finger Baos which I ended up ordering. Unlike soup dumplings, these baos were small, pan-fried dumplings served on a pan. When I bit into them, there was nothing special. There was nothing particularly alarming. It felt like small dumplings with a little bit of soup inside. In fact, from a lot of past reviews that I read, the restaurant has indeed went for the Szechuan cuisine. I am not totally sure how other food taste like, but if a restaurant that is known for their soup dumplings move to another direction and not put their original item(s) in the menu, that is a very bad sign for the restaurant.
4 Delicious!  I had lunch/dinner at The Bao a few nights ago, and I'm still thinking about the food! Honestly, amazing! The restaurant itself is cute. Dim lighting..good music.. I'd even go as far as to day its a nice place for a date.  The Dan Dan noodles, the sautéed string beans, the soup dumplings, ugh...everything was so delicious!  The service was quick, but it seemed like every table had an issue with having to hunt down the waitress when it was time for the check.   My only complaint...the tables are super small, like many other restaurants...so when sitting at a table for two, you're literally on top of the table next.  Either way, the food was outstanding. I'll definitely be returning...soon!
2 They had one of the best XLBs in the city. HAD not HAVE because they got rid of them from their menu..............Why they would do that when they were probably the best thing on their menu/ their name is "The Bao" is beyond me. I've been coming here since they opened a few years ago but will probably never come again.
2 Overpriced for little dishes. They take too long to serve my party. The place is spacious though, suitable for parties and it's right on Saint Marks. I won't come back because the staffs were not at all friendly.
2 Does the job in a pinch, but it would only serve as a backup restaurant for me. I ended up here when the wait at 99 Favor down the street was way too long.   As the recent reviews have said, they've largely revamped their menu to become more Sichuan focused and the only bao I saw on the menu are the Finger Baos, which was a cross between a soup dumpling and a pan fried bao. It had your requisite soup in the little buns but had a crispy bottom; was tasty but not too memorable apart from the presentation itself.   Apart from that, we got the scallion pancake, a "hotpot," and string beans. The string beans and scallion pancake were also unmemorable, and considering how much I hate scallions, I didn't even care enough to have an adverse reaction to this dish. The "hotpot" is a dish to which you can add ingredients (meats were $6 each and vegetables $4), choose spice level, and they will stir fry it all together. We had 5 items in our pot and it came out in a much smaller portion than I expected. "Spicy" was not spicy at all, particularly for a place that is now drawing inspiration from Sichaun places.  I would've said this place was okay if it weren't for the really rushed and overbearing service. I understand that it's on St. Marks and they just want to turn tables, but the waiter practically hovered until we made our orders, they asked multiple times if they could clear the table when we were still working on the dishes, the check was dropped the moment we were done with the food, and as soon as the check was signed, a lady came over to tell use that they have to get the next table in. My goodness, let me BREATHE for a second before getting up from the table! It's the week between Christmas and New Year - it's really not THAT busy.
3 Sad they didn't have the soup dumplings; tried their recommendation the finger bao, it was good, but the pork belly was not only expensive but had no taste felt like all they did was sliced a very thin piece and steamed it.
4 Came with friends looking for the soup dumplings and were unpleasantly surprised to find out they are not longer on the menu. However, we moved on and explored other menu items. They were so good we ordered then twice (to be fair we ordered to share). We had the scallion pancakes, the pan-fried dumplings (these are the ones we ordered twice) and the fried rice. Everything was very good and the servers were also attentive. All-in-all good meal for a good price.
2 No soup dumplings available at the time we visited in August 2017 and they said they were revamping their menu. We were disappointed since this place is known for the dumplings. Other dishes including the eggplant with fish sauce were authentic but comparable to any other decent Chinese restaurant in NYC.
3 what I want for Christmas is for the baos to come back :l  All in all the bao is a great place -- chill vibes and the schezuan chicken is to die for! the dan dan noodles are pretty solid too, good balance of oil too for those out there on a diet!   but for real... bring back the soup dumplings
5 I'm surprised this only has 3.5 stars. As someone who grew up on this food I love it here. Perhaps the mediocre rating is a blessing in disguise, because it's the one of the few delicious Chinese restaurant in the area, but it's the only one I can eat dinner at without waiting 40 days and 40 nights for a table.
4 Very nice! We first wanted to order the crab meat soup buns but they were out of it. We then ordered the sweet and sour pork ribs and the fried mini buns. They were all delicious! I especially loved the ribs for its little sweetness and the authentic taste.
3 THE BAO HAS NO BAO!  I put this in all caps mostly to get your attention, so you don't go there and find out the hard way.  In fairness, they have jian bao (pork buns lightly fried on the bottom), but the superlative xiaolongbao (pork buns stuffed with pork and crab meat) have disappeared from the menu.  According to the waitress, they're going to reconceptualize the entire restaurant in the new year, and they figured they would ease the pain by removing their best dish.  Yeah, great strategy.  The menu leans heavily towards Sichuan dishes now.  They're tasty and well-executed, but there's plenty of Sichuan in the city, so the Bao is probably only a good choice if you're nearby, and don't want to travel.  On the plus side, there's not much a wait for tables any more.
2 This used to be my favorite place in the city for soup dumplings, but now they don't even serve them. They should probably remove xiao long bao from their napkins. Also, their dan dan noodles are meh. Such a bummer.
1 Went back tonight. Shocked to hear they took the signature dish "the baos" off the menu!!! Reason why according to server, because they were so popular that people would come here just for them and only order a portion of them. Crazy reason!!! The Bao no longer serves Bao!!! I'm depressed. Simple solution: rather than eliminate your signature dish off the menu, you could put a minimum spend associated with that food item. Much more reasonable than completely taking them away. Bao, you're killing me. Ruined my Christmas!!
3 I went here specifically for their soup dumplings and was disappointed to hear they took them off the menu months ago!   Beware of the spice in the spicy pot. Mild spice is quite strong and I love spicy food but it was too much for me.
3 There are too many better Dim Sum places in the City. I really can't rate this place more than A-OK 3 star. The place is spacious, rather crowded at times, and can have a line. They also don't take reservations and they do communal tables that you have to share it with others which is not the most convenient when it comes to sharing Dim Sum.   The food were OK, not great, not bad. I wish they had more options rather than a few of the traditional dishes.   Compared to other Dim Sum places, this place is rather clean and modern (on decor) so that boosted its rating from a 2-star to a 3-star.   I don't think I would return unless I have to.
3 A little over priced considering the amount served. No soup dumplings as the relevant chef has gone.
3 The food isn't as good as it used to be... it's drenched in grease and my spouse got sick from eating here (I didn't eat anything and sent my dish back because when I asked what the sauce contained, they explained it was vinegar, but when I got it it was drenched in oil).  The service was good and they took the dish back and took it off the bill, the food isn't good compared to competitors in the area like Han Dynasty or Mala Project.  I would have given it a lower score, but the service and music were good.   They were efficient and courteous.
4 This place totally changed their menu (chef?) a few months ago and the food went from gimmicky and meh to quite good.  Every dish we had (and saw other people eating) was pretty well executed.    - they got rid of the xiaolongbao and replaced with a pan fried version that was pretty good.  Comes to the table in a sizzling pan so the bottom of the dumpling is crunchy while the inside is soupy.  Good twist on a classic dish.  - I really liked the stir fried chives and ground pork.  Thought it was really well done.  A bit spicy and somewhat salty.  - mushroom casserole was also very tasty.  The sauce was flavorful - a black bean sauce.  - pea shoots, scallion pancakes, and fried rice were all good.    We waited for about half an hour on a weekend evening.  Overall a good pivot from their prior menu and a nice option of authentic Chinese food (with somewhat reasonable wait time) for the neighborhood.
2 Food was meh, and turned my stomach. Service was fine, if a bit slow. Prices were a little high especially given the quality of the food. Overall, I wouldn't recommend coming here since it is neither excellent food nor well priced.
5 So this was my second time dining at this place, But it was actually wayyy much better than last visit. It was dinner time (around 8) when I was looking for some place for dine out, but the other places I went to were just as crowded as you can ever imagine  The waiting times for restaurants were at least an hour, and this place only had about 20 minutes waiting time (despite its crowdedness!)   The service here was really nice, and the food was sooo good we finished all dishes!  We ordered 3 dishes, and got a total check of about $50. I can't say it's extremely a good deal, but still I'm satisfied
4 We ordered delivery and it was prompt and not too expensive. It was about $82 for 4 people. The food was good.  It's not the usual American "Chinese" food like General  Tsos chicken, but they do have that.  We did dim sum.  The dumplings were especially delicious.  The Cilantro Steak was just the right amount of spicy, and the Chicken with Broccoli was great.  We will have to go check out the restaurant soon. If it's as good as the delivery maybe I'll give them another star.  TBC...
2 Apparently the Bao no longer has Bao. Without its signature item, what is left is okay but simply does not stand up to the competition for great Chinese food. Sorry to say I can no longer recommend this place.
3 Everything I ordered here was very oily. To give them the benefit of the doubt, I guess they needed the amount of oil they used for each dish.  The wonton with spicy sauce was not too bad. it tasted as if they made their own wonton wrappings and fillings, but each the filling was the size of a marble, but just a tad bit larger than one. I should've asked what the spicy sauce was made out of because I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew it was simply hot oil they were using as the spicy sauce.  The panfried noodles were thick but not as thick as udon noodles. I was told they were egg noodles. the noodles had a nice chewy texture to it. flavor was good, but they used too much oil.  I do not recommend their mapo tofu. The mapo tofu was visually beautiful,  but lacked in flavor. It was very bland and too much dry chili flakes and chili oil. The mouth feel of the mapo tofu was very unpleasant to me because the mixture of the oil from the pork, the extra  oil they needed to cook up the tofu and pork, and then the added on drizzles of chili oil on top were gross and was an overkill. you could see the 3 different layers of the oil based on the colors and you were able to taste them too. I have had so much mapo tofu in my life, from eat-in restaurants, take out joints, and home cooked versions of them. The Bao's version was the worst in terms of flavor.  Extremely loud and noisy (as expected) at 8pm on a Friday.  people were shouting to talk to each other so you hear every word the person is saying on either side of you.  waiters were courteous and maneuvered well around the craziness of the restaurant.
4 Suuuuuuper spicy fried rice was really fluffy and flavorful. Loved every bite. Will go back.
5 Prefacing my review by saying that I don't eat Asian food a lot so take my review with a grain of salt :)   My friends and I wanted to get soup dumplings so we went to The Bao. Ironically, they stopped serving soup dumplings about 4 months earlier so we had to make a few menu game time decisions on new things to try.  The wait was about 10 minutes, but it was also raining so I imagine that the wait is usually about 20-25 minutes on a weekend. The place is trendy inside, dim and has some nice lighting. The tables are a bit too close together, but not a big deal.  Our server gave us all of his recommendations and we took most of them. Scallion pancake was probably my least favorite of all we ordered. We ordered the pork dumplings in the hot and sour sauce and that was BOMB. Cleaned out my nostrils and was lovely. The shanghai pan fried noodles were absolutely delicious and you MUST order them. I do agree with some of the other reviews that they were oily, but it was delicious so idc :p  The dish closest to soup dumplings is the finger bao. I actually really enjoyed it and it was perfect to share with 3 people. Highly recommend letting them sit for a bit bc they were HOT.  It was 3 of us and we got 4 dishes. Pretty stuffed afterwards. We also got a beer each. Total with tip was 27 bucks each. Not bad at all for dinner in manhattan in my opinion.  Would come back if I'm in the area but please bring back the soup dumplings!
2 we only go here for the xiao long bao, and guess what, they no longer serve that. so they suggest we  ordered the mini xiao long bao and a braised pork belly. the mini xiao long bao is ok, the skin of the bao is too thick, so as soon as I bite the dumpling soup just busted everywhere. the braised pork is too too salty. i will never come back here again
3 Normally I don't like in St Marks, but I stumbled upon this little gem less than a year ago. I enjoyed the dainty little baos here, and this place became my go-to for the best xiao long baos in NYC (no, Joe's Shanghai isn't the best unless you're a white person who can't appreciate authentic Chinese food). However, this place has since removed the baos from their menu due to quality concerns. The restaurant hasn't been the same ever since...how can a place be called The Bao with a definitive article when it no longer sells xiao long baos? I would say the only redeeming food items left on the menu are the chongjing chicken and the jasmine tea rice. Well I guess now St Marks has dropped back down to zero good quality restaurants ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
2 NO LONGER SERVES XIAO LONG BAO.   TL:DR = Service is great, food not so much, everything salty.   First off, if you are coming here for the XLB. They took it off the menu apparently for the last 5 and a half months.... reasons stated by the waitress. "Owner not satisfied with the quality and wanted to revisit the recipe".  Which is quite sad... since the restaurant is actualy called the BAO and I've had the XLB before and it was very delicious... the face that it taske 5 and a half months and still result is quite hilariously ridiculous.   After being informed this my party of 4 decided to stay anyway since we've waited this long and were hungry. Things we got... Crispy beef, Pan fried bao, cumin lamb, string beans, braised pork.   Crispy beef were thin strips of beef that were cut in fine strips, battered and fried to the point we couldn't tell there was beef in there. It just tasted like caramelized sugary general tsos strips of dough and salty. Don't get this, we actually kindly asked to swap this out for the cumin lamb which was.. quite salty still and needed rice to go with it for sure, came with a lot of peppers and other peppers and mix ins that filled the plate of not just lamb....  The pan fried bao was the alternative that the waitress said was to the XLB, so we got that.. but it just isn't the same. Its good but... not the same, has soup inside but since its pan fried and small.. all the juice spit out the other end or stuck to others in the pan and rip open. Good, id get it again if I came again...   String beans = salty but find if you had it with rice but seriously if everything on the table was salty this didnt help.   Braised pork. THE SALTIEST, came with quail eggs which imo was filler in that pop detracting away from the braised pork. I was thinking it was strips of pork belly but its tiny dice like cubes in satly dark sauce.   Would I come here again? No, only for the XLB if they ever bring it back... after 5.5 months its sad to say I bet they make enough revenue to just leave it off all together since its labor intensive. Or if they do bring it back it may be quite high in price... but if everything else around it was salty.. i dont really think Id come back again.   Service was fine, very busy.
1 The Bao used to have very good Xiao Long Baos, but I recently found to my horror that they removed all of them from the menu.  This made no sense to me, as they were quite good, and the restaurant is named The Bao. It makes as much sense as if: Whole Foods stopped selling food Doughnut Plant stopped selling doughnuts Crif Dogs stopped selling hot dogs Otto's Tacos stopped selling Tacos Meatball Shoppe stopped selling Meatballs Luke's Lobster stopped selling lobster Basta Pasta stopped selling Pasta Umami Burger stopped selling burgers Pizza Hut stopped selling pizza Taco Bell stopped selling tacos  It just doesn't make any sense. Since that was the only reason I went there, I immediately left, and won't go back unless they restore the Xiao Long Baos to the menu.
1 Used to love this place. Unfortunately their service has become horroble over the years since they've gotten so popular.   One visit they wanted to charge for hot water during a full dinner service of 4 people.   Then during a recent visit it was empty on a Sunday mid afternoon. They wouldn't let me sit at a table because I just wanted a quick order of dumplings and minimum per person is $15. I understand they're a business but the place was empty!!  Plenty of as good or better alternatives in NYC. After years of going I and my friends are done.
4 Pricey, but delicious!  I unfortunately can't remember the name of what I ordered, but I think I ordered the Finger Bao. They were delicious, mini pork dumplings with sprinkled black sesame. They were so amazing. I also got the Beef in Chili Oil, which was also very yummy. Towards the end of the meal, the beef was completely drenched in oil so my friend and I stopped eating it. But we had a very filling meal.  The Bao is conveniently located at the heart of St. Marks. If you're also a person who believes that there's a second chamber for dessert, there's plenty of dessert shops right next to it.  --  taste / 5 aesthetics / 5 vibe / 3 service / 3 price for quality / 2 OVERALL / 3.6
3 For all those people who are yearning for the awesome soup dumplings they USED to sell here, I feel your pain. I would make sure every trip to New York City included a stop here for the XLB, spicy wontons, and other wonderful dishes. Not sure what the reason they stopped serving the XLB actually is, but it is not "quality issues", as the owners claim. How do I know? I made the trip out to Flushing to their original restaurant, Kung Fu Xiao Long Bao, to see if the XLB was still the same. They are still the same awesomeness, with tasty soup and meat filling. It really is too bad that the Bao is keeping people from getting the best XLB in Manhattan. Must be some sort of falling out between the two restaurants, the owners in Flushing would not say.  I would say their other food is good, I love the Crispy Beef, Sichuan Chili Fried Chicken, and Spicy Wontons. But, when you have tasted the XLB and then have them taken away, it kind of makes it hard to come back.
4 It's emotional to write a review on what's once my favourite restaurant. I used to come here all the time, with friends and by myself, at least until the Bao got rid of their signature dish - Xiao Long Bao about 4 months ago. WHYYYYYY PLEASE BRING BACK XIAO LONG BAO.   Actually, the BAO has changed a lot of items on their menu 4 months ago. They got rid of a bunch of food options and expanded their lunch menu. Fish filet in chilli oil, for instance, is another dish that I really enjoy and it's now also offered as part of the lunch menu. It comes with rice and an egg for $11~.  I like the idea but I still think the taste no longer deserves a five star.
4 Without soup dumplings, the Bao is now a szechuan restaurant. Dishes are super salty but not really spicy. Better have some rice.
1 NO MORE XLB (Xiao Long Baos)  First time I was here, this place had incredible XLB - a variety of options to choose from, and even a special dessert version - with a chocolate filling. (Almost like the custard buns seen at dimsum, but even tastier!).  Sadly, when I visited on Oct. 31/2017, I was informed there were no more baos to be had. I came here expecting and hoping for another experience, but was certainly let down. They had the 'finger baos' 12 for $14. Not quite the same experience, and was tasty, but to me the value and experience is lost.  The rest of the food was ok - nothing special, but you're no longer getting value. If you're looking for dumplings, go to Vanessa's. If you're looking for Szechuan style, Han Dynasty. This place lost it's raison d'etre, so sadly it's a place I'll be skipping in the future.
1 No more soup dumplings?!?! Sorry, I will never go back here.   Showed up to the Bao for some of the most tasty soup dumplings (been here many times in the past). Waited 30 minutes to be seated, sit down at the table, peruse the menu. I keep looking for the soup dumplings thinking I'm just missing them. Finally the waitress comes and we ask "where are the soup dumplings on the menu?" Waitress "oh we haven't served soup dumplings for over 4 months and won't be until further notice." We got up and walked out. Sorry, not sorry. Have they lost their mind?!?! That's the only reason we ever went. And to say nothing until we sit down? They are called "The Bao," yet they don't sell soup dumplings?!   We've tried their other dishes in the past and it was subpar, greasy, salty Chinese food. Bye bye Bao! It's been real!
2 The soup dumplings were amazing.  These people are morons for not making their best product anymore and in time it will tank their business. Just truly mind-blowing that they say the quality was declining, so they stopped making them.  Then figure out what was wrong, and bring back your soup dumplings! Everything else is decent, but not worth going out of your way for. Dan Dan noodles are greasy and waste of money. Dim sum dumplings are good.  Sesame chicken is good.
1 The most expensive Chinese food I have ordered, plus they charge a delivery fee on top, talk about greed. It took an hour and five minutes to arrive. When I called all they said was "Sorry" no offer of a discount or any accommodation. Terrible, uncaring service why would I ever order again??
1 This restaurant proves that in St. Mark if you fix up your place with trendy decor, music, and table wear, people would just pay for anything you serve. Honestly as a Chinese, I don't think their food is that good. It's really salty (or sweet), in very small proportion, and many dishes are way over priced. I can easily close my eyes and pick a restaurant in Chinatown, it'd taste better and with a fraction of the cost. Been here and feel very disappointed. Never coming back.
3 They had the best soup dumplings in the city (better then Joe Shanghai) but the waiter told us people complained about them (they probably didn't know what soup dumplings were) so they changed them. Now they are too tough/chewy/doughy with barely any broth in them.   Mapo tofu and hot and sour soup were still excellent. Great service and good vibe to the restaurant.   With so many amazing places to eat in the city I always came back for the soup dumplings. Even tho the rest of the meal was very good, probably won't return unless the soup dumplings do.
4 The food was great honestly, just a little bit cramped. We ordered the dan dan noodle, fried rice balls, spicy wonton, and finger dumplings (not sure if that's the correct term). The most memorable dish would have to be the finger dumplings, as they were miniature soup dumplings that were friend instead of steamed! Overall, pretty great dim sum place for lunch. Good thing is, there is also spot dessert bar underneath, which we went to right after having this meal.
2 One of the best things about this place was the soup dumplings. They were AMAZING! I don't understand why they were taken off the menu. Without them, they are just another Chinese/Szechuan restaurant with mediocre service. I won't go back until they put the soup dumplings back on their menu.
1 What happened to this place?  I used to come here pretty regularly for lunch and dinner, but after moving jobs, haven't frequented as much.  My fiancé and I went last week for dinner, as we haven't had Xiaolongbao (soup dumplings) in a long time.  There were three major issues:  1.  The lady sitting behind us found a bug in her food.  Not really appealing to hear this conversation happen right when we were being seated. 2.  We arrived, they were changing the light bulbs on the side table.  This involved having a person climb on each table with the bare feet to change each bulb.  I'm not sure they even wiped the tables after. 3.  They took the soup dumplings off the menu!  This was the main reason we come here.  Instead of getting soup dumplings, we ended up getting some pan fried dumplings that were served in a steam basket with the frying pan on top.  How bizarre.  Anyways, I see no reason to ever come back here after this experience unfortunately.
4 I may have to re-visit this review if they bring back the xiao long bao. That was the main draw so I'm not sure why they'd stop offering them. However, the other food I got there was always good; the best orange chicken in Chinatown- I know-- but, seriously, it was really good for orange chicken. I highly encourage you to go for the lunch menu- the serving sizes are still pretty good but the prices are much better than the dinner menu. I've always had great service- just don't be afraid to waive someone down when you need something.
1 NO SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!!!!!!! The napkins even say soup dumplings on them. I've been to the bao 30+ times and last time I went they didn't have them. I will no longer be going to the bao
1 They took the xlb off the menu.  Stupid stupid stupid.  They were the best in town and now I have no reason to come here anymore
3 Wtf why did you take the soup dumplings off the menu!! Went her last night was shocked they changed the menu that's fine, but the soup dumplings are ghost crazy! (That's like going to Peter Lugers and them saying we took the steaks off the menu.) The new dumplings are decent but nowhere close their pan fried small and 13$ for 12 of them.  The dan dan noodles were good like usual tho. Brought bottle of sake and they wanted to charge double cork fee bc of the size, but after talking to the server he waved the double charge and service was good that's  why I gave an extra star, unfortunately I think I may be over this place.
5 Amazing dan Dan noodles and mapo tofu
2 Inauthentic Asian inspired food for hipsters, with high prices to match. Fast, reliable service offering very disappointing, exceedingly salty dishes. Sorry, wish I felt differently, but it is what it is.
1 I've been here twice.The first time I came (which was when it first opened), I got food poisoning. I refused to go back until last week. I came with my boyfriend right when it opened and we were the first one seated. Soon more people came in and we both realized how understaffed the place was. The waitress was taking down orders from every table and walking back and forth from the kitchen to the floor while the host (I believe it was the host) was standing at the host area the whole time and only moved when people came in.  Boyfriend ordered the "finger Bao" and I ordered the "Chongqing noodles" off the lunch special menu and the "scallion pancake with beef".    The "Chongqing noodles" were a little different from what I'm used to. It was literally bok choi, chopped up radish, and few scallions on top with the noodles sitting in a red oily broth that was spicy af but also vinegary af. Boyfriend tried some and agreed on the spicy/vinegary part. The scallion pancakes had a decent amount of sliced beef and I would have loved it expect for the fact that there was too much hoisin sauce in it which made the whole thing salty af.  The finger nails were decent but were the size of a nickel and was pan fried instead of steamed. They were also served in a pan which was also in a bamboo dim sum container which was weird.    It also took a while to get a hold of the waitress. It was a tad expensive and the food was meh. Won't be back ever again.
5 This place has THE best soup dumplings in NYC. Better than Joe shanghai and dumpling house. The also serve Chinese food that's pretty decent but the claim to fame is def their soup dumplings. They come in fun flavors like wasabi, XX spicy and chocolate. Theres also the original ones like crab and pork. Service is also great.
2 The Bao used to be a regular spot of ours in the East Village. However, their menu, service and prices have completed changed from what it used to be in the past. It seems like The Bao took the opportunity created from their past success to substantially increase prices across the board and reduce service and quality. Can't say that I blame them from a business perspective, but I will not be visiting here again in the future when there are so many other great restaurants in New York. Real shame.
4 Yes, there are no more xiao long baos, but they have tiny finger dumplings! They are juicy pork dumplings but are slightly seared. I think it would've tasted better without the sesame seeds but they're still pretty good!
5 Excellent excellent restaurant. Strongly recommend the 12 finger bas it sounds lots of food but its actually only for 2 as appetizer so u still can enjoy the main meal.
1 The soup dumplings have been taken off the menu. And thus, my patronage is off the menu, too.  BRING THEM BACK. BRING THEM BACK. BRING THEM BACK.  "The quality wasn't good"??? Don't "BAO" out, Bao. You can't spell "The Bao" without "Soup Dumplings." More seriously, you can't name your restaurant after an offering you no longer offer. That's like if Staples stopped selling Staples. And if their staples were the best staples in all the land. And if it was done suddenly, without notice. And if there was no notice as to what was to come, of what was to happen. Emotional duress? I'd say so.  If in the future, the soup dumplings miraculously appear on the menu again, take this review to mean: Looking for a place to eat? GO. AND ORDER ALL THE SOUP DUMPLINGS. YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. AND YOU WILL GO AGAIN. AND AGAIN. AND AGAIN. And if they ever took them off the menu again.. it would be you. Here. Writing:  BRING THEM BACK. BRING THEM BACK. BRING THEM BACK.
3 The Bao no longer serves soup dumpllngs (xiao long bao)!! This is as of late summer 2017. They can't seem to give a coherent explanation for dropping the soup dumplings from the menu. They used to be the best in Manhattan, thin-skinned and delicious. The rest of the menu is still fine, but if you want soup dumplings, go elsewhere. They have lost me as a customer.
3 I came here strictly for the soup dumplings.  Wanted to switch it up from the usual places in Chinatown.  I was here during lunch.  The menu was typical American Chinese food.  I was quite disappointed that they didnt have any soup dumplings.  The waiter recommended the finger bao which was fried dumplings with some soup inside.  It was surprisingly good, but didnt quite satisfy my soup dumpling cravings.  The scallion pancakes were quite good as well.  The service was pretty good.  The best part was the 90s R&B playlist in the background.
1 Loved coming here for dumplings, but the don't have them anymore. The rest of their food is pretty mediocre. Was thoroughly disappointed.
4 The boa is a cool hip noodle place on St Mark's. The staff is great even though this place gets super busy they still are on top of it. Our wait wasn't long to get seated. I already knew what I wanted so soon as they came back I placed my order. I got a few of the dumplings and spicy beef wontons.i wish I had room for more for more food but being in NYC in trying to get as much in as I can. Everything came out nice and you can tell the noodles are fresh. The flavors mixed well and the spice had the right amount of kick. Definitely check these guys out I recommend eating in if you can. The vibe here is very cool.
3 Arrived 20 minutes prior to opening and there wasn't a line (granted it was pouring rain at the moment), but as we finished up our lunch, there was certainly a crowd waiting for this place. I have to be perfectly honest, I did not love it here and it's not a place I would return to considering the massive number of restaurants in NYC.   The good - I really liked the string beans and I also liked their finger dumplings. The finger dumplings were kinda like mini soup dumplings and I liked the fact that they were seared on their bottoms giving them a crunchy texture. Scallion pancake with beef was also a favorite in our group.   The OK - spicy wontons were good, but SMALL. They can afford to plump those bad boys a bit more.   The bad - pork belly definitely a big disappointment. The mushrooms were crazy salty while the pork belly pieces themselves lacked flavor. I don't really like the fact that they charge you extra for the buns.   This is certainly not a place I recommend if you're looking for dim sum.
1 No more soup dumpling. Shanghai fried noodle is NOT what I expected, not the one with crispy noodle covered with lots of vegetables. So disappointed....
1 No longer the restaurant it used to be. I have no idea why it retract all the Xiao Long Bao on the menu. The price goes insane. And the service is absolutely horrible. Worse than the worst you can expect from a Chinese restaurant.
1 It's still called "The Bao" even though they no longer have soup dumplings? It's a crime. Change your name. It's false advertising. I would have left but had been waiting 30 minutes and was starving (not to mention I was with 4 others who I talked into going to The Bao for their amazing wasabi SOUP DUMPLINGS).  Also, a plate of steamed bok choy for $15.00? It's a little ridiculous.  Never going here again.
1 9/2/17: this is a update review. This was one of my favorite spots in the city to eat for soup dumplings. It's called The Bao for a reason. We usually go at least once a month. We missed going in August due to travels. Today when we went we noticed that the decor was a bit different. When we were seated we noticed the menu was different too! There was no more baos! No more regular ones, no more super spicy ones, and no more crab ones!!!!! They had something called finger bao. It definitely does not compare to their normal baos. How can you be called "The Bao" and not have any delicious baos that people wait hours in line for?!  We asked the waitress where are all the soup dumplings on the menu?! She stated that the owners said it wasn't up to standard. Well owner, I'm here to say the baos were delicious the way the were!!! The finger baos were disgusting and I'm not sure why you would put black sesame seeds on them for? I was so disappointed that there were no soup dumplings! My fiancé and I always love a good soup dumplings on a chilly day. We both thought The Bao has the best in the city until after today's visit.  That's not all that was missing/changed. There is no more garlic cucumber! How can this be?! That was another one of my favorite dishes! Now it's soaked in some spicy sauce. It wasn't what I expected, but it wasn't as bad as the finger bao. I hope that this is just a temporary change and as a loyal customer, I would love for the owner to bring back all the baos back!   July 2017 review: The Bao is one of my favorite spots in the city. I think they have the best soup dumplings in the city. The skin of the dumplings are the perfect thickness, not too thick and not too thin to where it breaks all the time. We usually get the regular and the spicy.  We also order the garlic cucumber, which I do not like the way they cut the cucumber up now. It tasted better when they were cut into thinner slices. To me, it seemed like when they were cut into thinner slices there were more flavor in the cucumber. The other main dish we always get is the shanghai pan fried noodles. This is by far my favorite dish at the bao. Sometimes it's a bit over greasy, but the flavor is always on point. The Bao is the only place that serves this dish that's not covered in heavy sauce.  One of the best things about this place is that the service is good and the food comes out quick! Sometimes when they are busy it does get annoying with the wait.  Other than that, we love going to the bao!
4 The restaurant that made its name serving soup dumplings (xiao longbao) no longer has them on their menu. They do have something called finger bao, which are smaller and acceptable versions of the same thing.   Not quite sure what happened to the xia long bao.  We had those as well as scallion pancakes (delicate and delicious), dan dan noodles (scrumptious) and pan-fried pork dumplings (also recommended).  So Bao continues to live up to its reputation.
5 Met one of my former students for dinner and was pleasantly surprised! Although the server was unsmiling, she was professional and patient; we were sitting there for at least a half hour before we ordered anything, waiting for the third guest to arrive.  Every appetizer and entrée we ordered was flavorful and scrumptious. The portions were huge and the prices were fair. Be adventurous and order things you've never tried before or even heard of.  Will definitely return here in the future. Very highly recommended!
4 Solid Chinese food. The xiao long bao was good (we got the crab one). Dan dan mian tasted good but not quite authentic, missing some spices. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here but if you're in the area, a great option.
2 It was my favorite Chinese food in the east village. I went there yesterday and couldn't find anymore some of my favorites such as soup dumplings. I was told that the NEW management had changed the menu and remove the soup dumplings, same way they had removed the awards of best Chinese restaurant in NYC that were on the wall, because now it is not anymore the best Chinese . What I ate was average and greasy. I am sorry, I took so many friends there. Now I have to find another dumpling place. No more AMEX card as well.
2 Really disappointing. I get they don't have the soup dumplings anymore but please don't try to pass off the burnt/fried pork dumplings served in a frying pan as "finger bao" and try to tell me they are like the soup dumplings but smaller. They were very average. This place no longer stands out for their perfectly delicate skinned soup dumplings which they no longer serve (wtf??). Skip this place if you're looking for real soup dumplings. Sad to see this place fall down after such a good run.
2 The reason why I'm giving this place 2 stars and not 1 is because one of the chefs gave us a mini plate of free dumplings. However, even the dumplings were so small it's the size of bubbles, seriously. But the only reason why they gave us that dish was because they knew we were unhappy with the service since the moment we sat down. Because there was practically no one there, all their focus was on us. So our body language, facial expression and speech kind of all gave it away. Anyhow, to the review:  The minute I walked in, there was a sign that says no xiao long baos and that already I thought was a problem. This place has a xiao long bao as their image logo but yet they're not selling it? Smh, that's problem #1.  #2, as soon as we sat down, the waiter gave us our water. Not even 5 mins later, the same waiter came back assuming that we were ready to order and asked us what we would like to start off with; We told her we needed a few more minutes. Even though we said that, she was constantly pacing around our table like she's in such a hurry when there were no other customers except one other table. It felt like she wanted us out asap and that she hates her job. She was also giving us a lot of attitude since the moment we walked in to the time we left the restaurant.   The third flaw is the food. Our table ordered one dan dan noodle, one general tsos chicken lunch special, and one spicy pot dish. I'll start off with the pros since that's the least to talk about. The dan dan noodle is good, nice texture to the noodle and also good flavoring to the sauce. Now the con, even though the dan dan noodle is good, it's extremely small in portion. It's not even 1/3 a proper dinner meal. Next one, general tsos chicken lunch special, came with fried eggs, broccoli, & chicken. The egg is any typical homemade fried egg. I legit can make the same exact thing at home and still taste better. As for the chicken, it is all batter and egg white wash, there were no piece of chicken meat in there whatsoever. If I'm lucky, 1/4 of the chicken with batter is meat. I'm extremely disappointed considering that the dan dan noodle tastes better and cheaper than the general tsos chicken lunch special (horrible & more expensive). Lastly the spicy pot. You must choose a minimum of 6 items. Each meat is $6. Each veggie is $4. They should give a set price for the entire bowl but they want to be extra and charge items individually. When the bowl came out, it wasn't even worth 15 bucks. Wings were one of the meats we chose and it's not even half the size of a regular wing and that was considered one wing. I will call those half size wings "half wings". Inside I only found a maximum of 3 half wings. Ordered beef balls and I only found 2 full beef balls but they cut into halves making it seem like it is 4 beef balls. There are more ridiculous stories with each of the 6 items ordered but giving those two examples should give you a clue as to how cheap and little they give you. Also, the menu didn't clarify how much rice were and if the rice were given as complimentary along with the spicy pot. In normal restaurants, if you order a dish such as spicy pot, it comes with complimentary rice in a big bowl and we use a scooper to scoop the rice into our smaller bowls. So the waiter asked us if we wanted rice with it and how many; we replied saying yes and just one. Because the waiter didn't mention that the rice cost any money and the price of the rice wasn't written on the menu, we assumed it came free like many other restaurants. However, when the bill came, the small bowl of rice we got turned out to be $1.50. Uhm... the fuck? Honestly, where is the proper human decency with any of the waiters and waitresses in this restaurant? Like I don't even mind paying the $1.50 bowl of rice but at least have the courtesy to tell us next time instead of making us feel a certain type of way before we leave the restaurant? It'll only make me uncomfortable and not satisfy with my entire experience therefore making me tell other possible future customers to not come to such a place. What good does it do anyone?   I recommend no one to come here if you're not up for it to deal with horrible customer service and horrible food. But if you are, I suggest ordering dan dan noodles because out of the things I tried, only that dish was decent. It's also kind of their main dish beside the xiao long bao in which they didn't have....   Don't say I didn't warn ya!
3 This is a lovely little restaurant with some great dishes that I often go with a group. The first few times I went here it was packed full and we had to wait a while before going in, though the last time we went at around 1 on a weekday and it was fine. My favorite dishes to order include the stir fried cabbage, fried dumplings, scallion pancakes w/ beef and the sesame rice balls for desert.  My all time favorite dish of theirs was the Xiao Long Bao. These were absolutely incredible soup dumplings that consistently blew me away and impressed anyone I brought there. Unfortunately, I was very disappointed to find out they no longer serve these. I'm sad to say that unless that changes I probably won't go back.
4 After coming back a few times for lunch and dinner, I ordered some much better dishes than the first time I went, so updating my review.  For lunch I have tried their Stir-fried Tomato and Egg and their Fish Fillet with Scallion and Ginger. The egg was very fluffy and tasted very comforting. It actually tastes very similar to how I make it. The fish fillet was also great. They gave a lot of fish and the fish is velveted in the Cantonese-like cornstarch chicken broth based sauce. Both are solid lunch options and portions are also quite large. For some reason, they have added a fried egg on top of the rice.  I came back for dinner with a group of 6 on a Wednesday around 6:30pm. At first the wait for us was going to be 45 min. They said two of the large tables were reserved, although I thought they didn't take reservations. I put my name down anyways, and when I came to check about 15 min. later, they seated us. Glad we decided to wait and not go somewhere else immediately.   We ordered the Jumbo Shrimp with Salty Egg Yolk, Mapo Tofu, Cumin Lamb, Supreme Fried Rice, and of course soup dumplings. Their salted duck egg shrimp is amazing, albeit the portion is a little small. I love anything with salted duck egg. I thought the cumin lamb had way too much cumin. It overwhelmed the dish so you couldn't taste any lamb flavor which is already a very strong flavor. I thought the Mapo Tofu wasn't spicy enough. The Supreme Fried Rice is supposed to be extremely spicy, but since some people in our group have an aversion to spice, we asked them to tone it down two levels. I wish we got the spiciest level, but the fried rice was still very flavorful.  They unfortunately have temporarily stopped serving their soup dumplings starting on 8/3/17. The hostess explained the quality of the soup dumplings have been going down, so they decided to take it off the menu. This makes me think, probably the chef who made them has left. Hopefully, they will be back on the menu soon and with the same quality as before. In my opinion, they did have one of the best soup dumplings.
5 The food, atmosphere, and service are great here. Definitely order some buns with your food! You can extend sauce enjoyment and cope with spicy stuff if you find it too intense. We had woodear, cold noodle, vegetable dumplings and scallion pancake with beef.  I'm a spice lightweight (hence the buns) and loved the pancake and cold noodle the most, though everything was well prepared and nicely presented.
2 What. The. Heck. The Bao no longer serves soup dumplings- which defeats the entire purpose of going to the Bao. It's like going to McDonalds and finding out they no longer serve hamburgers.  The XLB were amazing, we came here for years. Now it's just overpriced Chinese food, we won't be back until the bao are back. :-(
5 Making great Xiao Long Bao is very difficult. I've tried almost every place in the city (including Flushing), and so far, The Bao serves the best soup dumplings around. We are regulars, but during yesterday's visit, we found out that the owner has decided to temporarily remove the xiao long bao from the menu because it didn't meet the owner's standards.   For their commitment to quality, The Bao should receive 10 stars. They made a conscious decision not to serve subpar food and solely based on this, yelpers have decided to give them negative reviews.  These reviewers should stick to restaurants and cuisine they know like Guy's American Kitchen & Bar.
4 Great vibe in the heart of St. Mark's street. I don't know how I never made it here after all these years since I love soup dumplings. Unfortunately, I'm too late and they stopped making soup dumplings this month. They have expanded their appetizer menu with other options.   What do you do when the soup dumpling spot doesn't serve soup dumplings? You say "awe" and try a noodle soup. I ordered  beef braised bamboo noodle soup and was very happy with the result.   I hope they find a way to bring back those dumplings as it's part their name and natural association. However, I won't penalize their food quality, service, and ambiance for a lack of these dumplings. Go forth and enjoy!
4 I'm a huge fan of the Bao. I'd highly recommend the Shanghai Pan Fried Noodles (so delicious!) and the classic Xiao Long Bao (terrific). The chocolate and banana Xiao Long Baos are interesting and worth trying for the experience but are significantly smaller than the normal Xiao Long Bao, which was quite a surprise when they came..
1 Why no more bao at the Bao!!??? Your xlb was what made you famous on st marks! ???!!! There's no reason to go eat there anymore! !??? You need to bring the xlb back! !
3 I was over at The Bao for dinner like usually. And this time I found out they do not serve Xiaolongbao aka soup baos anymore. I find it pretty ironic since their name is called The Bao. I asked the manager and they said the boss took it off the menu. The other food stayed the same as before and the quality was ok.
2 RIP The Bao. It was nice knowing you.   I used to come here once a month with my friends. We actually had to put a limit on it otherwise we'd have gone once a week. We went nuts for their soup dumplings, which they've decided to take off the menu. I cannot even express how sad this makes me, so I must let out my feeling via Yelp.   We've ordered many other items off their menu and the only other things we make sure to get besides the soup dumplings were the beef scallion pancakes the Shanghai noodles. Otherwise, every other dish we tried was disappointing.  I'll go back when the soup dumplings are back. Also, they can no longer call themselves The Bao.
4 The Bao has amazing soup dumplings (I'm a huge fan of the crab ones.) However, be careful when you're eating them, I got a little too excited and ended up burning my tongue. The restaurant also offers a pretty good lunch deal for a number of their entrees.
5 This is definitely one of the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in New York. Looking forward to coming back.
1 I fell in love with the Bao when a friend brought me here for the soup dumplings. Ever since, every time I had a craving, I went back. I was excited to share these delicious dumplings with friends only to find out they changed their menu and removed my favorite items! When I questioned it, I was told that the owner discontinued their "soup dumplings program because it wasn't up to her standards". This makes no sense- this was their signature dish!! Don't believe me? Take a look at the background on their computer screen/ register! Yep- It's a picture of the perfectly puffed soup dumplings.   I ordered other dishes but nothing tasted as good as it used to. I'm wondering if their chef left.   Their wasabi soup dumplings were in my top 10 favorite things list and now that they are off the menu, I literally see no reason to go back.
2 I don't understand why it's still called "the bao. They might as well call it "the dump" since they only serve dump-lings and mediocre Chinese food.  PSA: 1. They don't serve soup dumplings anymore. 2. They charge for rice; atypical practice for a tradition Chinese place.
1 Subpar Chinese food for half the quality and double the price of a comparable nearby spot such as Grand Sichuan or Hot Kitchen.   FYI be aware that they no longer serve soup dumplings anymore, mostly just other basic Chinese and Sichuan fare.
3 I'm still a fan of this place, but I really do not understand why they took the soup dumplings, the chocolate dumplings, and probably a number of other dishes, off the menu. I ordered the same as always, e.g. fried dumplings, scallion pancakes, but everything just tasted different and just not quite as good anymore. This place used to be simply phenomenal! What happened?
3 They no longer have soup dumplings and this is very sad. The rest of the food is fine though
1 Came in to grab lunch and learned (after sitting - did not see the sign) they no longer serve XLB!  Not sure if they had some turnover in the kitchen or if they are going to bring them back.  This is really the reason to come here as they were the best in the city IMO.  Super disappointed :(  tried the kung pao chicken which was eh, could probably find the same thing at a chinese takeout for half the price... Please bring back the soup dumplings!  Place should probably just shut down without them or at least change the name.
3 Came here from out of state just for their xiao long bao. They no longer serve it!!!! Very disappointing to say the least. Their napkin logos even still have "xiao long bao" written on it. So reluctantly ordered their scallion pancake and pan fried dumplings. The dumplings were actually so good so that helped my let down! The pancake was good but tasted just like fried wonton wrappings. It could've used a dipping sauce of sorts. It was just very plain. I also ordered their champagne milk tea which was so good and served in its own glass bottle on ice. I think it's just regular milk tea though.   Place is very trendy and intimate. It is small but they have long tables good for larger parties.   Ultimately I would come again, I'm hoping for them to bring back the xiao long bao!
5 S t o p. This is it. You knead these noodles in your life.  I grew up on the west coast, in a suburb so Asian that peacocks roam the neighborhood and streets are named after prestigious universities. I've dipped into the chinatowns of LA, SF, Oakland, Seattle, Chicago. I've been to China. I haven't had noodles like this until now.  The very spicy Dan Dan noodles are the best I've ever had. The only part that sucks is you -- at 100 mph into your mouth. Stop reading and start eating because otherwise I'm going to be in line again.  Dat Dan Dan diet Mouth hot it feels outdated Very fresh is best
5 Can't say enough good things about this place !! I absolutely love hand pulled noodles and Very Fresh Noodles has some of the best I've ever had. I got the Tingly and Spicy Cumin Lamb and it was perfect. Wide noodles, delicious lamb, spicy, flavorful, soul warming soup. (Dare I say better than Xian Famous Foods??) Also tried some of the Very Spicy Dan Dan Noodles and, true to name, it set my mouth on fire but I'd gladly eat it again. I especially loved the crispy broad beans added on top. This place is amazing and I'll definitely be coming back again and again !!
4 I LOVVEEEE this place. I think they do beef noodle soup perfectly. The soup is hearty and the beef is so tender. The noodles are pulled to perfection and the cilantro tops it all off with a sense of freshness (sorry cilantro haters). The crunchy pickled radishes give the variance required when eating noodles. The spiciness is just right to give you that kick to encourage you for the next bite.   Only thing that notched them down is the bubble tea. The bubbles were hard and the drink itself is way too sweet. I wouldn't recommend at all.
5 Very fresh noodles lived up to its name. The noodles were indeed very fresh. I ordered the vegan mock duck soup noodles and it was pretty tasty. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were nice and chewy.   First time here and no regrets at all. Ordered the noodles via window on 15th Street and waited in the outdoor seated area. I shared this with a friend and the servings were just enough for the two of us!
5 Sooooooo MANY options!  It's like unlimited noodle toppings! Def a must try!! Love the fast service !!!  Looking Freshly made noodles ..this is your place.
5 When I first visited this spot, I did not yet appreciate and respect the vital role spice plays as a flavor, as well as the complexities of Taiwanese cooking. That being said, I apologize to Victor and the chef(s) at Very Fresh Noodle for my previous review, in which I wrote off their establishment because I found something too spicy for my taste. Wasn't fair of me.   Recently returned and tried the La Mei Taiwanese beef noodle soup again, and it was absolutely amazing - definitely will be getting that next time. Also really enjoyed the tingly & spicy cumin lamb noodles.   Employee at the pickup window outside was super friendly and the ordering process was easy.   Will be thinking about that soup for a while!
5 The Dan Dan! Amazing will definitely blow your socks off if your into spice. The mixture is heavenly, flavors definitely complement each other. Not for the feint of heart
5 Today's Food Halls can sometimes feel like a trap for overpriced / undersized plates dressed up in the retail version of Coworking. While the dishes served are often tasty, the formula most vendors seem to be following often leaves diners questioning why they just paid +$15 for what was promised as a meal, but was really just a snack.  Thankfully, the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian from Very Fresh Noodles easily manages to be both delicious and filling. For me, the hallmark of a good order of dan dan is the noodles to sauce ratio. And let me tell you, these noodles be drippin!  It's worth mentioning that these traditional pork based Chinese noodles are prepared "Very Spicy" with no modifications allowed. YES YES YES. From a management perspective, I appreciate and admire knowing your dish and the decision to not compromise on the experience. For those of you to afraid to try it, may you be haunted by what might've been the best food hall plate of dan dan you'll ever pass on, only because your mouth can't handle a little boom boom sauce.  BE BRAVE AND GET THESE NOODS!
5 If you're a Sichuan lover this is for you! Simply delicious noodles. My lips were left tingling but was expected. Every bite was delicious.
5 The tofu pudding drink is incredible and VFN gets 5 stars just for that. I also get one when I come here and am always really sad when Within 5 minutes I've drunk it all.  I'm less into the food but that's just a matter of taste preference. My SO really likes the lamb noodles and the cucumber so we usually make a stop in when we're at Chelsea market. I've gotten the vegan mock duck which is good but, again, not my preferred meal.   Definitely try their noodles which everyone loves, but if nothing else get the tofu drink! It will change your life! (It will not. But you'll be happy!) Perhaps don't get it if you for some weird reason you don't like tofu (though who knows, this drink might rehabilitate you).
5 The beef noodles are hands down the noodles to try! Authentic and deliciously seasoned! So beefy and heart warming especially on a cold day.   The beef is also super tender and soft. There's also fresh bamboo shoots inside which adds to the flavoring. I will definitely be coming back for this!
3 I'll give it to them. The noodles are so fresh and chewy so delivery definitely did not compromise the quality. However, I wasn't a fan of the beef noodle soup. The broth was way too oily and could have been strained out. Also, the chicken, while super juicy on the inside, was extremely seasoned in a highly salty way which made me so dehydrated. Maybe I'll try this place out again but the flavor was just too heavy for my taste.
5 Okay I'm obsessed with this place's dan Dan noodles. It's incredibly authentic and delicious. The price could be more accommodating but it is what it is so I can't complain :)
5 This was outstanding. First visit, we got the dan dan, the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, and the dry cumin lamb. All three were great, with the dan dan probably being my favorite, although I'm somewhat torn between that and the beef soup. IMO the dan dan is close to best in class for me -- I can't think of a place I'd rather get these from. I think I prefer Ho Foods' beef soup, and I definitely prefer Xian's cumin lamb over the one here. But the fact that they do all three so well is a major point in their favor.
5 Okay, so I found Very Fresh Noodles in yelp. This is a great place and location with the nicest staff and over the top for value for the money. I was fortunate enough to choose La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup, it was so delicious, my favorite dish. The people who work there are very sweet and welcoming. We will definitely come back to Very Fresh Noodles.
4 Picture this: it's a rainy day in New York City, it's cold, and you're also developing a cold. What do you crave? If you said noodle soup, then great minds think alike. I have been meaning to try this place for a while and since it was close to where I was going next, it was the perfect opportunity. I ordered at the window outside and had a seat in the heated outdoor seating area. I ordered La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup (~$14). From what I've been told, this is a true Taiwanese classic! This noodle soup comes with slow-braised beef shanks and handpulled noodles in a rich, beef soup served with pickled mustard greens, bok choy, scallions, chives, cilantro, and chili aioli. You have 2 options: Mild or Spicy; I went with mild. The broth was super soothing and loaded with rich flavors. I loved the fresh greens on top which balanced out the savoriness of the beef shanks well. The beef shanks were wow - talk about tender. It just melted in my mouth and fell apart between my chopsticks. It was delicious! The noodles are thick and hearty. This was a true Winter comfort meal! My only complaint was it was a bit too salty, overall. Despite going there close to the time of closing, the quality and flavors were great. The freshness of the noodles and authenticity of the dish made it memorable. If you're grabbing a bite at Chelsea Market, I highly recommend swinging by! You won't regret it.
4 Food 4 I should have gotten Taiwanese beef noodle soup.  Got very spicy Dandan noodles. Not that spicy. Had better Dan Dan noodles. Only reason I picked Dan Dan was because of foodbabynyc had pics and I personally love Dan Dan noodles and looked good. I'm somewhat disappointed.  Decor 4 Our door seating available.  Service 5 fast  Price 4 $15 for Dan Dan noodles. I've had $4 to $30 Dan Dan noodles in the past. Somewhere in the expensive side.
4 The noodles here are in fact, very fresh. Decent spot to get Chinese hand-pulled thick noodles in broth or tossed in sauce. Located in the Chelsea Market, it's a nice and busy area to explore with lots of things to see. They have a big outdoor dining space but it's shared with the other food vendors so getting a table can be spotty.   We got the La Mei Taiwanese beef noodle soup and tingly/spicy cumin lamb. The flavors were strong, spicy, and delicious. My favorite part was how thick and big the noodle pieces are which provided an extra element of texture to the dishes.
5 So delicious.  Got this through uber eats and it came very well packaged and the directions for prep were easy. The lamb noodles was amazing.  I could eat these noodles everyday.
5 The best Ramen I ever had. The lamb don don noodles are to die for. I can't leave New York without stoping here. The owner is super sweet and the staff is polite. It's a hidden gem to those who never visit Chelsea but I've been coming for two years and even on vacation it's a stop of mines.
5 Updating my review because they recently changed their recipe and it got BETTER if that's even possible. Long time fan of the spicy vegan mock duck noodle soup. It's my best bite in nyc.
5 If I could give this spot a 10 star review I would , the dedication that they put behind the counter and having everything prepared fresh daily is unbeatable, I usually get the beef soup and it's always delicious. Keep up the good job and never ever loose the desire to be on top of everything that's what's makes this place among the best in the city before it goes out of the window they always double check it to make sure it's perfect. See you guys soon again!!
5 Had their mild beef noodles here, and smelled so good even through my mask. The beef was super tender, and overall taste reminded me exactly of beef noodle soups I've had in China. Decent prices too!
5 I never miss the chance to stop in when I come to NY! The absolute best noodles I ever had! The lamb dry or wet is my go to! It's phenomenal
5 Needed something quick at Chelsea Market before catching a train. I was surprised when the hostess outside let me know seating was first come first serve and there were actually several open tables. I ordered the La Mei Taiwanese beef noodle soup (mild) and was thrilled when the food came out in under five minutes. Obviously that could be concerning with certain types of food, but the quality certainly did not suffer. Broth was absolutely delicious, noodles were large and incredibly great tasting. The slow-braised beef was fantastic, tasting rich, tender, and perfectly fatty - large portion of it in an already large noodle bowl too. The pickled greens and bock choy were crunchy and paired well with the otherwise sleep inducing ingredients. Overall well worth the $14.  I will be sure to stop here again to try more of the menu. Large portions, fast service, delicious ingredients. This was the perfect dish to enjoy in the outdoor area as the snow fell and the temperature sank. Certainly helped me settle into a nap when I caught my train shortly after.
5 It's New Years Day. You wake up, dry mouthed and a little hungover. You're thankful that this year you're not that hungover because your NYE was a tame, NYS-guidelines compliant affair. You had a lot of fun and ate way too much but you're somehow starving again. Your friend suggests this place and shows you photos of delicious wide noodles swimming in a soup of hot chili oil and bok choy. When everyone makes their way to presentable you all make your way to Chelsea Market, which you've never seen so empty. But the outdoor dining scene is alive and well. They've built a wooden box structure that extends the length of the street and has heaters that keep things relatively comfortable against the NYC winds. You wait eagerly on a little metal chair for your soul saving noods. When they finally arrive they are everything you'd hoped for. Hot. Spicy. Fragrant. Flavorful. The perfect balm to soothe any remains of a hangover. And the beef in the Taiwanese la mei beef noodle soup (get it spicy). So tender. Your mouth waters as you remember. Even though you didn't drink the broth because it was basically 100% chili oil, it had infused into the noodles and you got just enough broth with each bite. The vegan noodle soup was also surprisingly amazing, thanks to the mushrooms and whatever the imitation duck is made out of (tasted like kaofu to me). Love this place. Will think about it until the next time I can go.
4 I like! While I thought the hype out did the noddles itself, it was still good.
4 THIS PLACE IS RIDICULOUSLY AMAZING!! I tried the spicy and tingly cumin beef noodle soup and it's was everything I wanted and more! Omg the beef was sooooo tender and gave you a generous amount too! The noodles were just simply delightful! The only thing is that the soup was WAYYYY too salty. I took home the left over broth and added 3 times the amount of water and it was perfect. I'm not one that likes low sodium foods or anything like that so trust me when I say it needed to be diluted down. Perhaps it was just that batch. But regardless, I will be back and try more or what they have to offer!!
5 So I definitely visited here earlier this year back in March 2020, prior to COVID becoming rampant and shutting things down. It's located in an absolutely adorable and bustling marketplace (though bustling probably isn't the correct term to use in these times now) along with other great eateries. The aroma of fresh food was music to my ears (nose?), and being a lover of noodles I was immediately drawn to Very Fresh Noodles.  To give your kitchen/restaurant the name of the item you sell is pretty risky, but Very Fresh Noodles has outdone themselves because they sell, well, very fresh noodles. At first I was skeptical, but after looking at the menu I knew I had to give this place a try. I ordered the "Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian" as the vegan version with soy protein. Took a few minutes to get my order and when it came out it smelled absolutely amazing and was piping hot (the best and only way to eat noodles; cold noodle lovers, this isn't for you). I mixed my noodles and wasn't prepared for the amount of flavor I was going to experience upon my first bite. When I tell you these are the best noodles I've eaten, I am not exaggerating. The blend of spices along with the texture of the noodles was absolutely perfect. I could probably write a novel on how much I enjoyed my experience with this dish. The noodles were spicy but if you are a spice lover like myself, you would also enjoy these noodles.   During the pandemic, it looks like they are doing outdoor seating, delivery, takeout, and curbside pickup. With endless options to get this food into your stomach, I cannot stress enough how much I recommend this place. Coming from a noodle lover, you have to stop by Very Fresh Noodles!
5 I love love loved everything about this place. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now, and finally got around to doing so. Not only are their noodles amazing, so are their staff. By far some of the nicest staff I have ever met. Food was amazing!!! Will be back soon :)
5 This place lives up to the hype and worth a trip to the West Village. I ordered their vegan mock duck dry noodles. This is not for someone who is watching their fat intake because these noodles are oily in the best way. Full of tender mushrooms. They have a nice beer selection with authentic choices (I got Tsingtao). Portions are huge - great if you're hungry or love left over noodles. Other great options in the area are the pizza place, beyond sushi, tahini ice cream place and fat witch brownies if you feel like trying multiple places.
5 LOVEDDD these noodles!!! I will seriously be dreaming of these noodles until I can have them again.   It was difficult navigating Chelsea Market and finding this place because of all the Covid changes. When I went, you can walk through the market and order at some restaurants inside, but most of the restaurants only take orders from windows located outside. It was raining so there wasn't much of a line. Also there is limited outdoor seating near the ordering windows but there is more seating if you walk along the market and find another side of the building.   Lamb noodles- AMAZING flavor, quality, and size. The lamb meat was perfect, seasoning was perfectly spicy and noodles were soft and chewy. I wanted to savor this dish as much as possible. The portion size is perfect.   Highly recommend and I will definitely be back when I come back to Chelsea Market. Hopefully I'll get to try the soup version of the lamb noodles
3 It's sooo salty. Let's just go back to Xi'an Famous Food
5 OMG these cucumbers tho! THE best I've ever had. Fresh, crisp, and bursting with spicy umami and incredible zing. Just look at the color on these babies! The Dan Dan noodles are no slouch either and I've had my share. Probably also the best I've ever had. Great chew on the noodles, smothered in another explosive sauce with a kick that's not for those shy of spice. I also love that they have "no substitutions" so what you see is what you get. The menu is small but obviously they've perfected everything, I will definitely eat here every single time my husband doesn't feel like getting Los Mariscos (which, unfortunately for me isn't that often)!
4 Lamb soupy noodles here is the best thing that I've tasted lately. . So yum. . So spicy . . Mocked meat is something I'd recommend only to vegetarians.
5 In NYC for a week with the lady... we've been trying 4-5 different foodie and bev spots per day on average. Just sharing orders as to try as much great food as possible. This was arguably our favorite find on the entire trip... so much so we came back the following day and ordered again.  Day 1: La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup: 5/5 * "Slow-braised beef shanks and hand-pulled noodles in beef soup served with pickled mustard greens, bok choy, scallion, chives, cilantro, and a touch of chili oil. A Taiwan classic! note our mild option has a touch of spice and unfortunately, we cannot make it less spicy than that."  Day 2: Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodle Soup: 4.5/5* "Our signature blangblang noodles pulled smashed and then ripped seasoned with a heap of cumin, Sichuan peppercorns, chili oil, celery, cilantro, fresh herbs, plus your choice of beef or lamb, some people describe the spice as zingy, buzzing or electrical less traditionally spicy like a jalapeno would be, we hope that makes sense!"  Ridiculously bomb bowl of food, both times. Broth amazing, noodles fresh and perfectly textured, plenty of them too. Meat was sublime - tender, flavorful... didn't skimp on the meat either. Just fragant, fresh, full of flavor and full of life.  Would 100% return when back in NYC
3 As far as presentation and customer service, this place is top notch. Very friendly staff, easy process for ordering, short wait times, and beautifully presented food. The taste, however, is a different story. The flavors are just TOO MUCH. The food is overwhelmingly strong in taste. I don't know if it's the cumin or other herbs/spices, but after a few bites I couldn't take it any more. The noodles were delicious, but completely drenched in a saucy, oily, salty, spicy mess. It's been hours and I can't get the taste out of my mouth. We tried all of the vegan options, and all were the same. Unfortunately won't be back.
3 This place was a hit or miss for us. We liked some things, but not others.  We got the fried chicken, the dry lamb noodles, and the tofu pudding drink.   The fried chicken wings were really good. The batter that they use was so crispy, it's kind of like a fish taco fish batter. And then they season it with cumin spices like what you'd find on Chinese lamb skewers. It's really good. Would recommend this.   The lamb noodles were good at first, but after awhile the flavor becomes too overpowering. It's that numbing spice, plus salty. We had to order a drink to go with it bc it was too much flavor and needed something to wash it down.   I opted for the tofu pudding drink, which was interesting. The flavors taste like a ginger chai or like ginger horchata, which was really good. A little on the sweet end, but good. They also put tofu and baby tapioca pearls in it. I didn't mind the toppings, but I think it would have been fine with just the drink.  Recommend the chicken wings for sure and possibly the tofu drink. Maybe their soup noodles are not as overpowering in flavor than the dry? Idk I guess we'll have to come back.
5 Best noodles in the city right now. And their DIY at home kits are awesome for takeout.
5 See, I'm not even remotely cool because it took me THIS long to try Very Fresh Noodles. I have about a dozen Yelp friends who don't even live in New York who have already written a review for this place and here I am waltzing up to the window in October 2020. I could make a thousand excuses as to why, but let's just leave it at the fact that I'm not cool and get on with the review.   Totally worth the hype. Because DANG, these "Very Spicy" Vegan Dan Dan noodles live up to their name. I had my doubts. Nothing, NOTHING is ever hot enough for me, and it's super rare that I can order food and not doctor it up with soy sauce to add salt and hot sauce to add fire, but I think I finally met my match in this bowl of noodles coated with crunchy bits of pepper swimming in oil, soy protein, cucumber ribbons and green onions. Fermented black beans making everything an umami dream. Jesus wept, I wept. These noodz are the real deal.  As much as I loved this bowl of noodles, I'll admit that it was a bit oily and starchy for my personal tastes. If I lived nearby, I'd order the noodle and doctor them up with three times the amount of veggies and make it into three meals. But I have no regrets (except for not being able to finish). I already have plans to go back and get those gorgeous wide noodles with mock duck and bok choy. So many beguiling vegan options. Thank you.   COVID 19 means that you'll be eating outside and yesterday was really nice out so that was totally OK. The ordering process is very efficient and the sweetest lady ever is answering questions and taking your order. Trust me, people have a LOT of questions so be prepared to be waiting in line. I suppose people are afraid of descriptions that contain "spicy" in the name. What a tragedy. Live a little people.
5 This is so good. Seaweed salad with thickly cut seaweed. Spicy cucumber salad. Both the beef and lamb soup were to die for. Homemade noodles with rich broth and pickled vegetables. All generous portions. Favorite cheap meal in nyc.
5 Can't get enough of this place! Its the best place for hand-pulled noodles with cumin lamb. All their noodle dishes are delicious and full of flavor. And most importantly you can't plenty of meat and flavor with your noodles unlike Xi'an Famous Foods where you get a huge pile of noodles and hardly any meat and no flavor. Also get their chicken wings! They are amazing! Victor the owner is the nicest guy, talented chef and goes out of his way to please his customers. I love this place and order their dry noodles with cumin lamb to cook at home. They give you everything packaged including instructions which is so easy. I supported them during lock-down buying gift certificates and encourage everyone to support them and eat there. The best noodle place in the city!
5 This place is my go to every time I'm in nyc.  Any time of year, any type of mood, any type of occasion, this place is appropriate.  The noodles/broth/overall flavor profile are just out of this world good.
5 This is a very outdated review, however what depends on this high review is from a variety of different things. I constantly remember and miss the unique flavors of these noodles and the chewy yet soft almost pillowy like gnocchi-noodles. The tingly-spicy noodles were what I've had, and both the soup noodles and the dry noodles. They were both truly amazing and I hope to visit New York one day to have them again.
5 The food here definitely reflects the name of the restaurant!! Both the wet noodles and dry noodles had a lot of flavor (the wet noodles had a little more just from the broth) and the meat was juicy and well seasoned. We also got the Taro Bubble Tea which was refreshing with our meal.
5 The best noodles in the city I've had so far! I had the tingly lamb dry noodles. They had a nice outdoor dining space as part of the Chelsea market
5 I got a bowl of tingly & spicy lamb noodles and they were the most amazing biang biang noodles ever! Although I generally don't like spicy food, I loved this dish! It also wasn't "hot spicy"; rather, it was a little spicy but very flavorful (thus "tingly"). The texture of the thinly-sliced lamb and the doughy roughness of the noodles was also perfect. The portion was also huge and I had quite a bit left over.   The only critique I have of the food was that it was a bit too rich for me - I could've eaten it with a bowl of plain rice. But luckily I got a cup of red bean soy milk to "dilute" the richness of the dish.   The place was absolutely bustling on a Saturday afternoon; good to see that they're getting business post-covid. That also meant that the food took some time (~15 min), but it was very much worth it. All in all, I'll definitely be bringing friends here in the near future!
5 Authentic Chinese noodle! If you want something hot and spicy, you can try the cumin lamb or cumin beef noodles. Both dry noodles and soup noodles are amazing!
5 the first time I tried I didn't even plan to eat. But I did. In addition, it's very easy to look at the place and be judgmental thinking it does not seem authentic. Oh, but what do I know... in the end I'm glad I tried anyway. It was good but I didn't pay much attention. However, when I found myself going back to the place in the midst of pandemic for a meal alone, I knew I've been hooked and this place deserves a 5. I ordered the same thing: Spicy Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck Bok Choy & Shitake Mushroom. This meal is everything I should not even like but somehow ended up LOVING. It's looks very heavy, but somehow I chowed it down with ease. It looks greasy, but I didn't leave me nauseous at all. The mock duck (it's seitan i think) is so good, the bokchoy absorbs all the flavor, the spice hits just right. I don't even know how I devoured a hot bowl of noodle soup in a summer evening, but I GLADLY did. Service is great (the guy is so nice) and well the price is a bit expensive but I didn't feel ripped off sooo... oh btw, my fav thing of all must be the noodle texture. It's just the right amount of chewiness (plus it's a wide noodle with a hand-made feel). I don't like egg noodle, which is why this is perfect. Kudos for living up to your name! very fresh noodles indeed!
5 The noodles are impeccable. So soft with the perfect amount of chewiness. The sauce is packed with flavor and they have two vegan/vegetarian options for noodles which is impressive considering they have a smaller menu.   I've been there twice and got the Spicy Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck (dry version). The mock duck was infused with flavor so it didn't taste bland at all. The sauce is oil based so you have to mix it well. My bf got the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb and said it tasted the same as mine so you're not missing out if you can't eat meat.  The second time I got the Very Spicy Dan Dan Main with soy protein. It wasn't as good as their hand pulled noodles and there was an overwhelming amount of cashews or some form of nut. We also got the chicken wings which tasted pretty amazing. It's a dry rub and very well seasoned.   The customer service is beyond this world. They text you updates on your food when you order. Once I requested beef instead of pork in the Dan Dan noodles and the owner accidentally gave me pork because he wanted to get my order out as quick as possible. When I called, he was incredibly apologetic and made me a new one and threw in a free order of the smashed cucumbers (one of the best things on the menu-so refreshing) and a free drink. He even let me pick it up hours later. Their staff really goes the extra mile to service you which I greatly appreciate!
5 I came here with a friend recently and we were seated outdoors. All I can say is that their noodles are delicious. Not only do they have delicious noodles, but they also had delicious bubble tea. I got the Thai iced tea bubble tea and the bubbles were so soft and the tea tasted just right. However, my friend got the taro bubble tea without bubbles and her drink was rather powdery. I would come back again! 10/10 would recommend
5 An absolute favorite! My favorite noodles in the city. I always recommend this spot and specifically the beef noodle soup... I've been away in California for quarantine and I have been craving this for months. Since quarantine, they have opened outdoor seating and the quality and service has exceeded my expectations. Victor was especially kind and made the whole dining experience exceptional!
4 This place lives up to its stellar reviews. Dan Dan noodles - got the one with pork - are a solid bet. Aptly named 'very spicy', the dish is super tasty, filling, and flavorful and the noodles appropriately chewy. Taro bubble tea - tad sweeter than I'd have liked - makes a great combo.  What's especially great here is the incredibly efficient service. The order was ready to go in just 2 minutes.
5 Could not stay away during quarantine and was so happy when they re-opened in June.   They have updated hours of operations (closed Mon + Tues) and have tons of outdoor standing dining spaces on their sidewalk. There is also an uncrowded, small park 1 block away (14th Street Park) where you can sit and enjoy your meal.   As always, the noodles are the best I've ever had and I can cry tears of joy every time I have them.
5 Tingly Asian noodles was the ONE thing I craved the most during the pandemic. So happy to see Very Fresh Noodles reopened. I got the tingly beef dry option along with a red bean milk.   Both options were amazing. The noodle flavor was spot on. And I got extra cilantro as requested. It's not the prettiest take out food but it was delicious. The drink was so creamy and red-beany and made fresh, you see all the beans at the bottom!  Obviously eating this type of cuisine takeout is not ideal in take out form, (tastes so much better on the spot) but I'm so happy to have supported a local business and be fed well. I wish the noodles were slightly thinner because they congealed pretty quickly (I even ate on the steps of the market, no travel time). BUT they JUST re-opened, so I'm sure it's taking a bit getting used to.  Wished they had their take on a tiger vegetable salad. But, I'm sure their menu will continue to get great additions.   I think the chef is also taking orders. It's a tight ship and his customer service skills were fantastic. Highly recommend. Can't wait to go back and try some vegan options.
4 **PRE COVID19***This place is great. I and my husband love going to this place whenever we crave some type of noodle soup. Their noodle is incredibly chewy in the most perfect way. I love their spicy cuman lamb and taiwanese beef noodle soup. It's in chelsea market. When the chelsea market used to be not super crowded, it was hardly no wait but now it got out of control. Whenever we go to chelsea market right before the pandemic, the line was too long we had to just give up and go somewhere else. I think you can say it's top 5 noodle dish in nyc. I want to say you MUST TRY but if you are in hurry or if you are hungry, I am not if you can wait in this super long line.**
5 I'm really glad that the restaurant reopened for delivery amidst quarantine. Three things really stand out to me about the restaurant. 1) They have a vegan broth option which is much better than XFF. 2) They offer a bunch of toppings for the noodles like cilantro, green onions, and other vegetables as well as mock duck and meat. 3) Their delivery comes with reheating instructions (you have to boil some soup / water yourself) so the food is definitely fresh. I was wondering how they were going to offer a delivery option but a bowl of noodles literally comes with a bowl and 3 big containers of noodles, soup, and extra toppings which is extremely thoughtful of them. Seating could be better since it's packed in Chelsea Market, and the food is a bit too salty, but I would still recommend that you give their noodles a try.
5 I think this is the best noodle place in Manhattan! The lines can get long but it moves. Most people got the soup noodles but we tried two dry noodles which was good. I think next time I would like to try the soup version.  The noodles are al dente or qq. The seasoning is on point and everything is very fresh. You will likely stand to eat these as the food hall is usually busy and filled with tourists not during the pandemic.
5 Husband and I very much enjoyed our meal here on our last day in the city. The line at the cash register was long, as it was around lunchtime, but it was certainly worthwhile. The beef noodle soup here is awesome, as was the spicy lamb noodles. These fresh noodles are incredible. The serving is generous and the meal is very hearty, so come hungry.   Also, while your party orders, it's probably a good idea to have someone else go save seats, as they are hard to come by.
4 ***Pre-COVID*** A friend and I came for a lunch date here, and we each got an order of the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. It was a weekend, it was crowded as hell (RIP crowds...), and we almost had to fight to snag a seat and eat at the small counter top space they had. The noodles were hot and fresh, the broth was good (slightly salty, but tolerable), and the price wasn't overkill. Overall, the eating atmosphere is v uncomfortable since the stall itself is really small and since we had gotten a seat next to the cashier, we were always being stared down as people a) willed us to eat faster so they could sit down and b) snooped around to see what looked good. Overall, wouldn't go out of my way to come back, but not a poor option in an otherwise expensive food area.
1 I don't know if they are just really bad at making food taste good or if this is just a very weird developed taste but despite how very hungry I was, I could not eat anymore after one bite because it just tasted so bad.  Sorry.
5 Amongst the numerous places to try in Chelsea market is this noodle shop lunch counter. My wife and I made a trip here as we explored the area, but make no mistake, we were here for the noodles. The rest of the walk was just extra. We both got spicy dishes, so I cannot comment on whether the mild dishes are suitable for more tender palates. However, they lay it out on the menu. There is going to be some spice, no matter what. Neither the Tingly and Spicy Cumin Lamb nor the spicy La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup were overwhelmingly spice. Sort of like when you go for wings and you get the next level of spicy up from what you usually go.  If you are lucky enough to get a seat at the bar, you can watch them hand pull the noodles. A unique experience for sure, indeed. Finally, I can profess that these go well with coffee mild bubble tea or thai milk bubble tea, both sold right here as well. You win!
5 Correction: Apologies for the noodle order in my review - that was not a Beef noodle soup but it was a Spicy Vegan Noodle with Mock Duck **** delicious
5 For #thankyouthursday I wanted show my appreciation to VFN. It is absolutely my favorite noodle spot and ill gladly eat this while standing up or in a corner of Chelsea market any day (seating is very limited). They have a limited menu but you don't need much else! The flavors are out of this world
3 This was our second time coming to Very Fresh Noodles at Chelsea Market and unfortunately, we were disappointed.   When we first visited the Line was long, but the food was definitely worth the wait! It was so good, spicy, and each individual flavor made the soup perfect. This visit the line wasn't long, and we got our food quickly but the food was not good.   We ordered the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Beef. Braised beef, with Sichuan pepper corns, cilantro, hand pulled noodles, celery, chilli oil, cumin and fresh herbs.  *last time; we got the same thing but lamb*  We were excited because the beef looked delicious and tender and the lamb was tough last time.  When we got our food, we took our obligatory photos and mixed our soup. We, my partner and I, like to try our food first then add any additional spices.  3 words: TOO MUCH CUMIN!  I know the menu says heaps of cumin so you can get that zingy, electric charge but there was so much cumin I couldn't taste anything else but cumin. I love cumin, I swear I put in in everything but there was so much cumin my tongue went numb. I couldn't taste the peppercorns or cilantro. It wasn't spicy, so we added more chili oil but nope still cumin. Cumin, cumin, cumin.   Maybe it was an off day, I don't know. I would still recommend Very Fresh Noddles, just beware of the cumin
5 Good noodles & fast service. The dan dan noodles were pretty spicy but super tasty.  The broth for the beef noodles was flavorful and the noodles had a perfect amount of chew. But honestly I think my FAVORITE part of this meal was the tofu pudding drink. My gosh.  So refreshing and saved me from the fiery depths of the dan dan noodles lol.  I would def come again!!
5 Excellent food.  Excellent dumplings, excellent noodles.  All around.  The Lai Mein Beef soup is amazing.  The noodles are hand pulled.  The best, most flavorful broth ever.    The line can sometimes be very long here, but it's worth the wait.
4 Spicy- beware! But that's what made it even better. Ordered the lamb noodles. Came here to try it at Chelsea Market, and the line was pretty long on a Saturday afternoon.   The noodles didn't disappoint at all. I especially loved how they were super generous with the lamb in the noodles, as well as the vegetables. Reminds me of Xi'an famous foods, but this has more vegetables in it, which I liked more!   Give it a try :)
3 Surprisingly, the line wasn't super long on a Saturday evening. As it is inside of the Chelsea Market, the seats are very limited. Personally, I didn't feel like there was anything special about Very Fresh Noodles. The soup was very oily and noodles were very spicy. Unfortunately, you cannot customize the spice level.
4 I thought the lamb tasted good and the cumin flavor is more unique than most due to the cumin. The service is also very fast, but I didn't feel like there was anything special or really outstanding about the noodles. The soup looked very oily. Overall, an ok meal but I was expecting more.   Edit: The staff, especially the owner is committed to its customers having good experiences and reached out. Due to the low morale and slow traffic of the current situation, it's likely the service was a bit lower than usual. Taking this into account, I appreciate the efforts of the restaurant and will revisit again if I am able!
5 Very Fresh Noodles is located inside Chelsea Market. It had a daunting long line but it ended up moving really fast, only taking a max of 10-15mins. It was soooo worth it though!  I had read an article about the Lamb ramen being the 2nd best thing to eat at Chelsea Market so that's why I choose it. The ramen broth was so rich and tasty, the meat was great quality, and these were by far the best ramen noodles I've ever had. Warning: it is spicy but not a "this is so spicy I can't taste anything but spice spicy." Will definitely order this again next time.  I also ordered two black milk teas, one with tapioca and the other without. It was super nice to drink the fresh creamy tea with the spicy ramen, so do yourself a favor and order both!
4 Got the tingly beef in soup and it was very good. It literally made my mouth tingle which apparently is a side effect of the peppers they use. If you get it as a soup instead of dry, they will split it in two bowls for you. I recommend this because even though they charge you an extra dollar to split, I feel like you end up getting a lot and I was still satisfied. The noodles themselves are indeed very fresh and good. Bring a drink because you'll get very thirsty with all the salt and spicy peppers (and most likely msg too).
5 Chelsea Market itself is very cool to walk through, with lots of fun and delicious looking vendors. We settled on noodle and it was the right choice! My husband loved the experience of seeing them make the noodles right in front of us. Get the lamb curry noodles! The broth is spicy and delicious and the noodles are chewy and soft, you can really tell that they are homemade. Would return again to try more dishes!
5 Last month we wanted to visit this spot but didn't make it. We are back in NY and decided to give it a try. We were warned that the lines could be long and seating could be challenging but the stars aligned- there was no line and we  found seats at the counter. Score! The music was on point. Everyone's food looked and smelled delicious. We went with the spicy cumin lamb soup, spicy vegan noodles, smashed cucumbers and taro bubble tea and were not  disappointed with our choices. Everything was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. We are fans of hand drawn noodles. Can't wait to try it again!
5 Perfect. That is all I can say. The flavor, consistency, texture, aroma, customer service, location, price. A fav.
5 A gem in Chelsea market! Was worried it'll be another tourist trap but it definitly lived up to the hype. Noodles were super fresh, as it was made right in front if you. Flavor and portion size were great! I got the spicy vegan bowl and it tastes amazing. I can't wait to try other options! Well worth the wait in line.
5 Def one of the must go to places inside Chelsea Market! The line was on the shorter side when I got there. You order at the counter and they'll call out your number when your order is ready. I got the tingly & spicy cumin beef noodles and was wooowed by it. Def one of the chewiest noodles I've ever ate. The beef was also tender. For someone who doesn't really eat spicy food, the spicy level of the noodles was really manageable!
5 Excellent choice for noodles. Had the beef noodle soup. A bit spicy but oh so good!!!
5 My friend introduced me to Very Fresh Noodles and promised me that I would love it. He was correct. Very Fresh Noodles is nestled in Chelsea Market, but you'll know you're getting close when you see a long line.   You place your order, then as you make your way towards the pick up area, you can watch them making your noodles through the glass window. It is so mesmerizing watching them make the hand pulled noodles. The wait time was average, considering so many other people waiting for their orders. The food comes in white plastic containers.  The menu is simple. I loved my order of the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. The noodles are SO thick and fresh. The soup is pretty flavorful and fresh as well. The price is a little on the higher side and the portion was perfect for me. Great experience, looking forward to trying other noodle soups on their menu.
4 As the name indicates, very fresh noodles - they are hand pulled on site right next to the register so you can watch all the action! This place has a decent selection and is conveniently located in Chelsea market. I ordered the beef hand pulled noodles and it was up to par. It's pretty similar to Xi'an famous food if you're wondering about the taste and offerings. Personally I thought the noodles and broth could have been better since I did start getting sick of the taste as I was finishing up. Still a great place to try regardless.
4 Solid af noodles! I got the tingly and spicy cumin beef which was delicious, but I kind of wish I got the lamb version instead (which is their signature) because I felt like the flavors would have gone better with lamb. They actually put a LOT of meat into the bowl which was great, but I didn't see it until I got to the bottom. The beef was also very very tender, portions were decent, and noodles were just the right amount of chewy. It is quite oily, but it's all part of the spicy flavor.  I probably wouldn't vote this place as the best in Chelsea market, but if you're not feeling Los Tacos (or just want to eat a 2nd dinner like me lol) then I would recommend this!
4 The Dan Dan noodles are going to give me nightmares for the rest of the month, but I'm giving 4 stars because I know a good noodle when I eat it.  For those who are not familiar with Szechuan spice...it is not your typical spice... the Szechuan peppercorn will numb your mouth and alter your taste buds to the point where water doesn't even taste like water anymore.   With that being said, I ordered the Dan Dan Noodles knowing exactly what I was getting myself into, and that's totally MY FAULT. Don't get me wrong; the noodles, flavors, and textures were all great (just a tad too much oil in my opinion), but the peppercorn managed to "ZING" my mouth to the 4th dimension. Also, I think the thicker flat noodles used in the other dishes taste way better than the thin ones in the Dan Dan.   All in all, an excellent noodle place that I will be returning to. Next time, I will definitely stick to the non-spicy options.
3 There was a long line on a weekend night. It took about 20 minutes before we could order but with the help of few beers it wasn't so bad. We got the mild beef noodle soup. I've had many beef noodle soups growing up so my expectations were high.  The noodles were soft and slightly chewy. You can tell they were really hand pulled. The broth was flavorful and on the sweeter side. It was veryyy oily which was not my thing. The beef was tender and nicely braised. It was a good option for the area but still expensive. I don't think I would get it again.
4 I thought this place sounded a bit gimmicky...but I'll admit that the food behind the gimmick is delicious and expertly crafted. We arrived shortly after opening on a Sunday and immediately took two seats at the bar. We watched as they pulled the noodles, throw them in the boiling water, and put the bowls together -- spicy beef noodle soup and cumin lamb noodles with soup. Both were well balanced, had a good portion of tender meat, and the noodles were a good balance of chewy and soft. This is a must stop if you are in the area.
5 I've been here twice now and will keep coming back. Came by recommendation of a friend, who insisted that these are the best noodles he'd had in New York. Having tried a fair few of the noodle places now, I can safely say that Very Fresh Noodles is a staunch competitor. After all, I came with my family the first time, and even my mom was impressed, which almost never happens. It's a major feat to impress an Asian mom.  The first time, with my family, we all had a bowl of the tingly cumin beef. The flavor combination was phenomenal, and the bowl was warm and filling. I really loved the texture and taste of the noodles as well. A bowl was way too much food per person, in my opinion; despite how delicious it was, I had trouble finishing it.   The second time, I went with two other friends and the three of us split two dishes: the the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and the spicy mock duck noodles, dry. Both were so warm and delicious, and it was just the right amount of food for me.  Their setup is pretty simple: menu with four main dishes and some sides and drinks, with some seating in the bar/counter. Just make sure someone in your party snags seats for everyone if it's busy; else, you might be relegated to standing. A must-visit when you're in Chelsea Market!
4 This place in Chelsea Market serves a small selection of delicious noodle dishes. I ordered the spicy cumin lamb noodle dish in soup. The noodle was just the right thickness with a good bounce texture and cooked to just the right amount of chewiness. The broth is thick, fatty, and flavorful and is picked up the by the noodle well. I added some Chinese black vinegar, which they have bottles of on the counter or small to-go cups if requested, to my dish which I love to add an extra dimension of flavor to the soup. The lamb was good in flavor but a little overcooked and not as tender as I would've liked.  I also got to try to spicy beef noodle in soup and the spicy Dan Dan noodles, both of which were also delicious. The Dan Dan noodles are very spicy (but also very good) so be warned if you decide to order! All the dishes I tried come with some shredded crunchy greens which help cool down the heat a tad.  Overall a much better option than the more popular Xian Famous Foods but the price is a little high for the amount of food you receive. You could probably find similar restaurants with similar quality and taste in Chinatown or Flushing for cheaper.
5 I've been to very Fresh Noodles more than 20 times over the past few years and each time i'm always taken back by the quality of the dishes they serve. It's definitely my favorite noodles spot anywhere below 34th street and during my most recent visiting it (as expected) didn't disappoint.  We arrived around 7 on a Friday evening. As you may know this noodle joint is actually located inside chelsea market. In my opinion it's one of the best restaurants located within the market, however there are a ton of other good places inside here too if you're up for exploring it.  I decided to order the tingly & spicy cumin beef ($12.50). The dish is made up of their famous pulled noodles, flavored pork, and a well seasoned bone broth. I usually always order this dish because of it's perfect balance of mild and spicy notes that coat it. It's also a generous portion size so if you do order it you're bound to leave full and satisfied!  The service here was pretty fast too. They've got a line of cooks in the back so after we placed our order our dishes came out quick given there was about 6 people stationed in the back. I'd recommend this for quick, quality noodles near 14th street that'll definitely have you craving them again sooner rather than later.
5 Try their shanghai beef noodle. They're so good and flavorful. The service also quick and the line moves pretty fast. But please do us a favor by looking and the menu and decide before your turn at the cashier.
5 Located by one of the entrances/exits of Chelsea Market. The menu is quite limited but due to the small space of the kitchen I understand. I ordered the beef noodle soup, medium spicy. I sat by the counter while watching the staff pull fresh noodles and drop it into boiling hot water. My order was completed very quickly. Noodles, so so fresh and qq. The broth was very flavorful. Medium spicy was almost a little bit too spicy and I love my spicy food.
5 This place gave me the best numbing feeling to my tongue! I got the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Beef Noodle Soup and it very much met my expectations. I also added a little bit of chili oil, as they have a jar along with other sauces and utensils next to the register. The beef was really tender and the thickness of noodles were just right to me. The name of the noodle soup is exactly what it is--the tingles to your tongue aftermath. The price isn't so bad either for a bowl, so it was a win win for me! I'll definitely be coming back whenever I visit NYC again.
5 delicioussssssssssssssssssss so happy we ate this. it was cold and this hit the spot!
4 Such good service considering how busy they always are! They're very nice about explaining the menu and advising of yore not familiar with the cuisine! When they say spicy they really mean spicy!! Both the dan dan and hand pulled noodles are delicious.   My only complaint is that they're too oily, I know a lot of the flavor comes from the chili oil but I feel like they cut cut down just a smudge because it's just overly greasy!
3 Ordered the Taiwan beef noodle for my parents and the lamb noodles for myself, the meat was generous and the noodles were very fresh, being made right in-front of us. The broth however was overwhelmingly greasy and took away from the overall dish which could've been amazing. Wife enjoyed the dry vegetarian noodles.
5 Very Fresh Noodles may or may not be the reason I keep coming back to NYC. So so so good! And I haven't been able to find a location anywhere that serves noodles as tender and tasty as the ones found here.  First, be prepared to wait --- the line typically wraps around their location and into the halls of Chelsea Market, but it moves quickly and is so worth it. It's also entertaining to watch them pull and 'bang' the noodles, as it's all made fresh for each bowl of their heavenly goodness.  We've only had the Tingly and Spicy Cumin Beef and Lamb dishes, but I'm pretty sure I could eat this DAILY and never tire of it. Especially when it's cold in NYC, it's the perfect 'warm the soul' dish. Even our 7-year-old begs for his fair share of this treasure.  If you are going to browse and sample the market, I would recommend getting a single bowl to share and then going back for more if you feel inclined. It's a lot of soup!  Tip: Finding a table is an event to say the least --- we normally head out and to the right to the common areas and have had the best luck there, away from the main drag.
5 This place is the smart choice for lunch, the flavors are unique. Try the cucumber garlic salad. Sit and watch them make noodles for the full experience.
4 The hand pull noodles are definitely fresh. The price is a bit higher than most hand pulled noodle places in Chinatown and Main Street but none the less, these hand pulled noodles are amazing. If you can't handle spicy - I recommend choosing mild because it is pretty spicy. The seating area is small and you'll have to find a spot to eat inside the area shared among other food businesses inside Chelsea market.
5 I wasn't sure what to expect and was skeptical a spot in the market could be such high quality. Fun decor and limited seating but the beef noodle soup really was delicious-- and we had high standards since we eat this all the time in Taiwan and locally elsewhere. Solid spot.
5 This place has been a list on mines, but I've been so busy to try. It was definitely worth the wait and now I'm upset I've waited so long urghh. Anywho I ordered the spicy lamb noodles soup. IT WAS SPECTACULAR!!!! Watching the noodles being prepared and assembled while we wait (which wasn't long) was so nice. The flavors of the broth was beyond delicious. You must visit when your in Chelsea Market or in the Meatpacking District.
5 The name doesn't lie....fresh noodles indeed! Friend recommended this spot to me and it worked well as I was sightseeing near the Hudson Yards area. Ordered the tingly & spicy cumin lamb (soup) while friends got the same as me (dry version), and beef noodle soup (mild). The lamb slices were tender and the soup was full of flavour. Despite my low spice tolerance, the soup actually looks spicier than it is. My favourite part would have to be the noodles, which were thick and chewy.   Only slight damper was the limited seating (we found standing tables nearby) though I quickly realized why everyone else around was more than willing to stand as well!
3 The line goes by very fast so don't let that be a deterrent. I got the tingly spicy beef soup, and while the beef was absolutely delicious, the noodles were good but didn't wow me (they're very wide and thick which I guess also isn't my favorite texture/style of noodle either) and the broth got overwhelming and overspiced for my taste with more than half to go in the bowl. It's definitely a unique dish and if you want to try something you've likely never tasted before, go for it. Just not my favorite, and don't quite understand the hype.
5 I got the beef soup and it was one of the best things I've ever eaten. I can't wait to be back in NY and get this dish again. Broth was flavorful and meat was so tender. Noodles were AMAZEEEE! They were so soft, perfect in size, masterfully cooked. I dream about this soup. I was afraid to get the spicy noodles but I think I could handle it and need to try them next time.
5 Their Taiwanese Spicy Beef Noodle Soup is unparalleled! The noodles are freshly drawn and cooked! The soup broth is unbelievably savory. Located in Chelsea Market, the lines are always long and fInding a spot to settle down to eat is always a battle. However, I honestly do believe that it is well worth the wait and battle. The past few times I've been here The line has always managed to move fast and I've always found a table (albeit it was standing). In all, service is great, food fantastic. 10/10 would come back!
5 Ohmygods. This place is phenomenal. Don't be deterred by the line, it's worth it!  My friend and I ordered the lamb cumin soup noodles because they sounded and looked so damn delectable and they most certainly did not disappoint!   Pro-tip: if you're planning on eating your way around Chelsea Market then I suggest splitting a bowl of noods with your friend(s) instead of ordering individually. The portion is unassumingly large (and delicious af, of course).  For those who are concerned about the spiciness - my friend legit has zero tolerance for heat and he really enjoyed the taste and flavor of the cumin lamb so fear not!  Have fun!
4 I did not enjoy the food the first time I went because there was way too much cumin in my meal, more than what the owner said there should have been. He was super nice about it and talked to me personally about it. I really appreciate his service and will be returning to try it again shortly.
5 Love the Spicy vegan Dan Dan noodles! One of the best noodle dishes I have had. It is always worth the wait. When they say spicy, it really IS spicy but so flavorful. This is my go to place when I'm visiting New York. Wish they open more locations.
5 This was on my list for a long time and it didn't disappoint. I got the cumin lamb noodle soup and a purple taro boba tea. Absolutely incredible. The drink had a wonderfully cocunnutty flavor and it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet. The noodles were chewy and the meat was tender. The broth flavor was incredibly deep and rich, not too salty. Overall I'd go back and try more of their dishes
5 I love Chelsea market! So many vendors to explore and so. much. to eat! Very Fresh Noodles is so popular and even if there is 0 seats available, people will still order and eat even if uncomfortable standing. The Taiwanese Beef soup was too sweet tasting for me to fully enjoy. I highly recommend the Tingly Cumin Lamb noodle soup BUT try it dry (no soup, stir fry noodles). Or try OG soup version. The lamb was my favorite because it literally exploded in my mouth. An explosion of super good flavor, with some numbing but tolerable of course. I enjoyed watching the noodles being stretched and formed in front of me as I waited like 3 minutes for my food to be called.   Very fresh, very flavorful, and very heart-warming!
5 Just awesome.  Both the soup and the noodle dish we got were really good.  Chelsea Market is a bustling place and finding a place to eat your food may take a little while but I would highly recommend a stop here if you're looking for somethig quick and very filling.  I got the spicy street vendor noodles with pork and it had a good kick to it and was super tasty.  With that level of spice, it also acts as a pressure washer for your insides so plan accordingly the following day.  LOL!  I may have to make this a regular stop though when I'm in NYC...
4 Very fresh and very good. Came here a little after lunchtime on a weekday and got the spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup. I didn't see a menu until I got to the register to order, so I had to make a split-second decision about what to get. I don't have any regrets. The portions of beef were generous, and the noodles were perfectly chewy. My only complaint is that the broth was too greasy. Beware that seating is very limited!
3 Disappointed.....the taste is just on average. The noodle itself is too soft and loses its chewiness:(It's not worth to wait so long time and stand to eat such a meal!
5 Very Fresh Noodles is one of my favorite noodle places in the city! I just love thick chewy noodles so this is the place to go!! The menu isn't exactly big as there are only 4 noodles to choose from, but they know and do their stuff well! I also really love the decor here, it's so much fun!! I always stop by here whenever I'm at Chelsea Market!
5 I first dropped by this restaurant while drifting through Chelsea market my first time in New York City. When I walked into the restaurant and got a whiff of the delicious aromas of spicy beef and fresh noodles, and was immediately locked in. It was love at first taste when I took a bite of the Biangbiang spicy beef noodles. Handpulled and perfection to the taste. In fact, I enjoyed the dish so much I had no choice but to spontaneously jump in a cab just to get another bowl of that delicious soup before I left New York. Best soup ever.
4 Definitely can't miss this lil noodle stand, as the line was formidable even at a time as odd as 3:30 PM. Don't be disheartened however, it moves quickly! Well-loved menus are passed along in the line to expedite the process. There isn't much seating, so many people were carrying out or standing and slurping their noodles. The one counter available for sitting gives a great view of the hand-pulled noodle creation process! I ordered the Dan Dan Mian which has "very spicy" as well as "no mods" in its title and description. It was indeed quite spicy with the classic numbing spice but had lovely fried broad beans for texture and scallions. These are not the thick hand-pulled noodles but rather, an equally-delicious thinner variety. With a little time however, the noodles became rather clumpy and congealed in the sauce--definitely eat this one there, as I don't think it would have traveled well! The Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup was rich and savory with perfectly soft beef shank. The noodles were thick and chewy and just delicious. Prices were fair and overall, a great place for a quick meal!
5 So so good. I had Xian noodles the day before but didn't mind having hand pulled noodles again. However, this time I got the braised beef soup and it was SO good. Super satisfying on a cold day in New York. Add the spicy chili to your soup for more flavor and that little kick!!   Was super overwhelmed with the choices in Chelsea market and was so glad we chose to dine here! Did not disappoint!
3 Not many options. The noodles were pretty good but definitely did not live up to the hype. That is except for the fact that they were telling the truth when they said the spicy noodles were very spicy which was good. Overall, the toppings were not very good and the dish was just okay for fast food.
5 I was pleasantly surprised by this place. On the outside, I thought it was another Xian's which might be slightly Americanized as it is in Chelsea Market. They also seem to cater towards people who like a lot of spice (similar to Xian Famous Foods). Though, they have a lot of the Chinkiang vinegar lined up which drew me in as I like black vinegars.   I got the beef noodle soup ($13) since you can get it mild instead of spicy. I ordered it to go and they kindly separated the noodles and broth so the noodles didn't get soggy and I could heat the broth at home first (cooks while in the hot broth). The noodles had a great consistency and were not soggy or too soft. The broth was so flavorful and there is SO MUCH meat in this. I thought after one or two pieces of beef I was pretty much through, but to my surprise there were around five huge pieces in there and some bok choy.   This place is perfect for a winter day, especially if you are in the Chelsea Market area. Similar to Xian's you can watch while people behind the counter make the noodles / food. Come hungry and their portions are quite generous so you're sure to leave full.
5 I'm not normally a noodle person but this place was great. You can see them making the noodles in front of you. I had the spicy beef noodle dry, it was so fresh and all the ingredients compliment each bite so well. If you can find a seat at the bar where they prepare the meals you be in for a treat. I will defIntley me coming back to this place.
5 Amazing noodles. I spent three nights in manhattan and came home thinking this is the best meal I had. I hope I can find something similar in Cincinnati
5 So far, the best Taiwanese beef noodle soup I've had in Manhattan. They're so busy there but they move quick! Great portions and full flavors. I've also gotten their lamb noods and those are fire.
5 The nearly perfect Yelp rating doesn't lie. This place is a must try if you're ever in the area. I know it's hard to pick just one place to dine in with the great variety of eateries that Chelsea Market has to offer...but this place should be at the top of your list.   I ordered the spicy vegan noodles with mock duck and holy cow...this was one of the BEST noodle dishes I've ever had! it was very spicy and hit the spot. Pretty much a classic comfort food.   The lines are usually very long and you'll have to be strategic in finding a place to sit. But I assure you, it's very worth it!
5 Taiwanese beef noodle soup/牛肉面 from Very Fresh Noodles is true to their name! After strolling around the High Line I stopped by for some soup noodles to warm me up. The noodles made in front of you are incredibly fresh and the beef was tender and flavorful. Perfect for a cold day and will definitely fill up your bellies.
5 To keep it short, this place has one of the best beef noodles soups in the area. The hand pulled noodles were amazing, the broth, while a bit greasy, was very tasty. The broth might be a bit salty as it made me extremely thirsty but when it comes to food on a cold day, it can't be beat.
4 Very fresh, indeed!! I've been following their instagram for a while and drooling over the super wide noodles so I was pleased to come try.   My friend and I quickly found two seats at the end of the bar, then ordered our spicy vegan noodles. We went with the soup, but I think I might try dry next time. I found the broth to be a little on the salty side but very very flavorful. I had it spicy but it could have used a little more heat. Good thing there was chili oil available to kick it up a bit.  The noodles did not disappoint- think and hearty and the perfect comfort food now that we are firmly into cold weather.
3 No qualms here with the generous, never-ending strips of lamb that coat the bottom of this bowl, or with the thick, hearty, chewy noodles with the bite of a good bread, or with the celery, which they pickled sufficiently that this celery-hater found they tasted like mustard greens (far preferable). And no quibbles, really, with the fact that this 'tingly lamb' dish gave barely a tingle, and even less of a spice kick. It was still delicious, and I'm not a spice fiend. My first five, ten, even twenty bites of this bowl were bliss.  But even this oil-lover has to admit that this dish was so oily it was impossible to finish without sinking into a nauseous oil coma. I slowed down and slowed down, and eventually was beaten by the oil. The fact that it was pooling in the bottom of the bowl is totally normal for this type of dish, but I think everything had been marinating in it too long, because everything was shot completely through with it, such that you could trip someone by wringing out one slice of lamb over a tile floor.   I did really enjoy their tofu drink, which was definitely fusion-y but in a way I enjoyed. Chai spices in tofu instead of black tea so I'm not wired all night? Yes please!
5 Under the crunchy, fried broad-bean coins, lolling around in freshly pulled, chewy noodles is delicious pork - transformed to tell the truth - in fragrant spicy sauces and fresh cucumber slices.   That is the story of Very Spicy Dan Dan noodles, I had last week that I still can't stop thinking about them. They were not as spicy as I expected them to be but I saw many people downing Cokes and water glasses nearby, so I'm probably a bit off here.   The noodles came out immediately and you can sit by the bar and watch the staff make hand-pulled noodles right in front of you, it's a great experience and adds more flavor to your noodles.  PS: Don't forget to mix your noodles to incorporate all the amazing juices sitting at the bottom of the bowl
5 Very fresh beef noodle soup. I watched the guy make noodles as I ate. I got the mild beef noodle soup, and it was exactly what you want beef noodle soup to be. Great on a cold November evening. Great broth, fresh veggies, tender beef, slightly chewy noodles. I would be down to try other things on their menu too!
5 YOU HAVE TO EAT HERE! I wish I lived in NYC just so I could eat here. I couldn't get enough of the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian!! It was seriously addicting. There's so many places to try in NYC and we are here everyday!
5 Very authentic Chinese noodles. I was a bit worried these would be too spicy for me, but it was actually very bearable and delicious on a cold rainy day.
5 SOOOOOOO DELICIOUS. Got an order of the spicy tingly cumin lamb noodle soup on recommendation from my friend and god, I'm really going to miss that flavor. The soup tastes even better than it looks - chockfull of depth and flavor that I'm seriously going to miss. The slices of lamb tasted a lil dry but when the soup and noodles are that good, what's to complain about? Do not skip on this. The line is worth the wait!!
5 Me and my coworker came here on a weekday around 11 am to beat the crowd. We got the dan dan noodles and my gosh this noodle is very spicy but so delicious. Even though it was borderline tears coming out of my eyes it was so good we couldn't stop. I wish there was a way to lower the spicyness just a tad but like stated on their menu there are no modifications. Overall I would eat this again but definitely not on a hot day because you will be sweating after you eat this dish.
5 Never take broth ones to go, gotta eat it fresh or the noods get mushy. Super delicious super fresh and super friendly staff. It gets packed and line gets long. No hype just "very fresh noods"
4 As soon as I walked into Chelsea Market, all I could smell was flavorful noodles. As I walked towards the center of the market, I saw the Very Fresh Noodles shop. The small area was crowded with lots of people ordering and eating food. They had a little seating area, but I didn't have difficulty finding a seat. I quickly ordered on the menu. The menu was easy to read since vegan items were displayed with a vegan icon. The menu was also not too overwhelming since there were limited options. There was a variety of options, including, beef, lamb, and vegan options. They also offer dry and soup options for each type of noodle dish.   I liked that the kitchen was right behind the cashier because I could see the chefs making the noodles. I saw one of the workers pulling the noodles and hitting it harshly on the stovetop. It was fascinating to see how they created the long, stretchy, thick noodles. I got my noodle very quickly and was not disappointed at all. The noodles were thick, the soup broth was spicy, and the soup was very filling.   I am glad they had mock duck with the vegan options, otherwise, I would have just been eating noodles with vegetables. Can't wait to go back and try this soup in colder weather!
4 It was very entertaining watching people eating and the staff making the noodles. The lines seems to be always long but once you order, they are ready pretty quickly. The noodles and broth were very tasty and spicy. I enjoyed them as well as the red bean drink. Unfortunately, my family isn't familiar with the Taiwanese distinctive spiced flavors so they didn't care for it too much. It isn't my favorite asian type of food so I think I enjoyed the experience more. I wouldn't come back again except for the red bean drink. There are too many other different types of food at Chelseas Market to enjoy.
5 Very fresh noodles is incredible. Their homemade noodles really stand out above everyone else and their short rib noodle dish is excellent. The meat just melts in your mouth. Have come here multiple times and would recommend for sure if you're in the area.
5 Love this place! Food is outstanding every time. Working in the same building I'm here at least weekly, and although they have a great menu, I can't stay away from the pork Dan Dan. So spicy. Sooooooo good.   I'm not huge on a lot of what Chelsea Market has to offer for the prices, but this place is one of the few that I highly recommend.
5 Really impressed by the Taiwanese beef noodle soup! My friend and I shared a bowl as a mid-day snack and were both very full and happy with the dish. The line was long but we didn't wait too long. Note to self: next time, get the boba drink to counter the spicy soup!
5 Very delicious and delightful staff. Noodles were very spicy... just the way I like them
3 3.5 stars! (leaning towards a 4, but I feel like I have to eat here one more time)  Ended up in Chelsea Market on a Sunday evening at the request of a hungry friend. We strolled around for a bit and this place immediately stood out because of the line and the aroma coming from the kitchen. I opened up my Yelp app to check out some images and behold... this place was already bookmarked!  Shoutout to the staff behind the counter, particularly Victor for making my visit extra special/ memorable.   I settled on the Dan Dan noodles with pork for two reasons. One, I've been wanting to try Dan Dan noodles for a while now. Two, I remember specifically bookmarking this place so that I can try the Dan Dan noodles.   The Dan Dan noodles were pretty good, very spicy though!! The noodles were fresh (You can see them making the noodles behind the counter). Personally I didn't think the spice level was overbearing, but that's subjective. I wasn't a fan of the fried beams and the amount of oil in the dish. Besides that, it was pretty tasty and the cucumbers definitely helped mellow out the spice.   Would recommend and be back to try out other things on the menu.
3 Had bookmarked this place last year & finally got a chance to try it! Only to walk again with an extremely salty throat & needing lots of water..  FOOD: - Tingly & Spicy Lamb +2/5 The handmade noodles were ok but not the best.. The soup base was way too thick & had a big of a tangy after-taste which I personally just didn't like. The bf did not enjoy it either and despite him finishing mostly everything we eat, he did not offer to slurp down the rest of it. So, we threw out the rest. :/   SEATING: - there's some bar seats that are first-come, first-come - Community tables with no chairs are also in the area  I was in NYC for only a day & it felt like I wasted my time/calories coming in - but maybe I should've tried the beef noodle soup instead? Who knows. Shall continue to look for better noods.
5 Dan Dan Mian noodles are the best I've ever had. Every time I'm in New York I make sure to stop by and get a bowl. They are very spicy but definitely worth it. Also has great textures with the crispy garlic topping and meat sauce.
5 Great got the tofu pudding drink and lamb cumin noodle soup. The broth for the soup is savory and the drink was the perfect amount of sweet, nothing like the overly sugary drinks most places make.
5 Come here for the beef noodle soup. Best, most authentic beef noodle soup I've had in NY. Take it from me - I've lived in Taiwan for 11 years. The soup is rich and flavorful, the noodles are thick and chewy, the beef is tender and abundant, and there is plenty of cilantro. Exactly how it should be.  However, there is something strange going on with the douhua (tofu pudding). They decided to ruin it by adding citrus and a LOT of cinnamon - taking the "Asian fusion" / Westernize-traditional-food route. It was gross. Had 2 sips and threw the rest out. If you're looking for authentic douhua, this is a far cry. If you're looking for a loose interpretation or creative twist and are feeling brave, sure.  Would give 4.5/5 - 5/5 for the noodles, half star down for the shocking douhua and lack of seating. Still, overall well done.  Also if you can, stock the heartier Taiwan Beer and not Tsingdao.
4 Very good fresh hand made noodles. Beef noodle soup tastes soooo good with Dan dan noodles.  Love this place to warm up on a cold day. Will visit this place again when in NY.
3 I was really curious to try such a popular place at Chelsea market. The noodles were very tasty and you could tell that they were freshly made. It was also great to be able to see them make the noodles as you eat in front of them. I was not particularly impressed by the flavor of the sauce they used for the dry handmade cumin noodles with lamb. It was a little oily and salty for my taste. I think that if they balanced out the cumin flavor with more spice or had a milder cumin flavor, it would taste a lot better. Maybe with the soup option, the noodles will have a more balanced flavor. Overall a pretty good experience. I will definitely go to Chinatown to eat these handmade noodles instead but if around the area, not a bad choice.
2 Pretty lame spot in the market, seems like it was just added in the mix to have an asian option. I'm not sure if this was even as good as takeout. It wasn't overly greasey but it was over spiced and not balanced enough. The herbs didn't even seem fresh because you couldn't taste them very much.  You definitely need a drink because it's overpowered with spices and salty but don't get boba here. It's really watered down and the boba isn't cooked well.  The only reason this spot got a second star is because the beef in the beef noodle soup was really tender so good job on that one.  There's bar seating but sitting at the bar you only see one guy making the noodles and everyone else (5 guys) are just standin around talking. The cashier was not a very good listener, we had to repeat our order over to him and he still missed an item.  Good things there are other restaurant options in the market!!
5 It's a really nice noodles shop in US overall, as a Taiwanese.  The beef noodles soup is pretty authentic, lamp is otherwise new to me.
5 This place is definitely FRESH! They make there noodles from scratch it was absolutely delicious. The line was only 10 minutes long which isn't bad because it moves quickly. My boyfriend and I ordered one bowl each and it was huge!! I couldn't finish mine but he did. Haha. I will definitely recommend this place (:
1 I wish when I were there, I had gotten my money back, because I couldn't take more than 3 bites.  For me personally, the soup taste like someone went in the kitchen, had about 60 different spices and then just started adding all of them for no reason.  Then when they were done, they didn't let all the ingredients marry together.  It was just too much.  Almost like the broth needed another 8 hours to simmer.  Plus it was so staling.  I couldn't imagine if I tried to eat the entire bowl.  I really didn't like it and I LOVE soup.  I could literally eat soup if it is 120 degrees or 10 degrees outside.  I can eat different soups everyday for the rest of my life, but this one I did not enjoy at all.  It is just one note and boring.
2 Please go somewhere else if you want good noodles. Unless you are looking for oil soaked flour.
5 Taste so good. But it could be too chewy for kids to have. I like soup base more than dry
5 Did not disappoint. Ordered the spicy lamb soup and watched them make it as I sat at the counter. Space is limited but this place seems to always be busy. The hand-pulled noodles were perfectly doughy and chewy, which was paired nicely with the spicy soup.   There wasn't any line when I was ordering on a Monday night, but it varied quite a bit in the short duration I was eating there. Served in a plastic bowl with a plastic spoon, this is no fancy place. Come here for the taste, and a very moderately priced one, considering it's in the Chelsea Market.
5 After a walk down the High Line on a coldish Saturday (yay it's finally sweater weather!!) I was craving something soupy to warm up. A quick yelp search brought me to Very Fresh Noodles. To be quite honest, I started looking for another place when I saw the line... but toughed it out (was like a 20 min wait) and was so glad I did.   I got the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Beef (not a fan of lamb flavor) noodle soup. And it was so darn good. The broth was super flavorful, noodles nice and chewy, and beef was so tender it pretty much falls apart in your mouth.   Also got their taro boba, which was reasonably priced! Maybe it was because I got the last of the batch, my taro drink was thicccccc. Not a bad thing, it was nice and creamy. I came here the next day (two days in a row why not lol) and got same noodle dish with Thai tea. Both drinks were not too sweet and was a great buffer for the spicy soup.   Tldr: dish to get cumin noodle, drink to get: all
4 Busy place but quick service. You can even watch them make noodles.   I tried the very spicy dan dan mian pork bowl. Tons of noodles and not a lot of meat. I was warned it might be a little dry but really it wasn't it was perfect. The flavors were great. The only downside was everything else I ate after this tonight had a strange taste from this meal. And it wasn't over the top spicy either.
5 This place is wonderful. With that being said plan to wait in line for a little bit. We ordered the beef and noodle spicy and it was amazing. The noodles had great chew, the veggies were still crisp, the seasoning was on point and the broth was rich and deep. Oh yum. My husband and I split the bowl and I wish he would of gotten his own. It was so good I didnt want to share. We will absolutely be back.
5 The best noodles I have had in NYC. I got the tingly and spicy cumin lamb. When ordering the cashier did make a disclaimer that this is soup and not just noodles and I couldn't be any happier about that. The broth was so flavorful and the best part in my opinion. The noodles were delicious and there was a good amount of lamb.
5 After hearing about how great this place is from my boo. Me and my friend decided it's time we really gotta try this out!  The line was pretty long, but it does get short pretty quickly.  How the food was presented was sort of like a certain Asian chain :p   Located right in the middle of Chelsea market, it seems when it gets crowded it can get a little difficult seating wise (they do have the option of takeout!)   It does hit your spicy cravings! And definitely satisfies a 100% Me and my friend we got the spicy cumin noodles (soup) and the Dan dan noodles!  Both were absolutely and positively amazing and bursting with flavors in my mouth! Fair warning though - these are pretty spicy #getyoutspiceon  The dan dan is a tad more spicy but I went through that whole bowl like there's no tomorrow  FYI: it goes really well with tsing tao beer!   It also did make me feel much better as me and my friend were both feeling a little under the weather prior to eating this (so if your sick the soup does wonders)  Also they have vegan options for all you wondering
4 Service: Counter service Cleanliness: Good Quantity: Good Food: Tingly& Spicy Cumin Lamb $12.95  Wow! I'm impressed! Perfect seasoning of cumin, ma la (Sichuan peppercorns/chili oil), celery, cilantro, and tender lamb. It was so flavorful all flavors exploded in my mouth along with fresh and chewy hand-pulled noodles with a natural resistance that is out of this world. I would of give it a 5 if it's not due to lack of seatings, services and the food container they use.  I will for sure to return and try their beef noodles and Dan Dan noodles....if you are a noodles lover, you must give this place a try. I suggest going right at their opening to get seats at the counter.
2 Had the dan dan and overall a bit disappointed. The good things about the dish were noodle texture and toppings. Unfortunately the sauce was too sweet and not at all spicy. Kinda like eating noodles in a skippy peanut butter sauce. I'll stick to los tacos no 1 if i make it back to Chelsea Market
4 I went to Chelsea Market with my sister and boyfriend and we didn't have a plan for where to eat lunch before we got there. We were thinking that we would just walk around and pick a spot. After walking around through the food hall two times, we ended up back near the entrance where this noodle place is. I don't normally like to order noodles when I am out because my mom has a pasta maker and makes pretty decent noodles. This place didn't have too long of a line, so we decided to give it a try. As we were waiting in line, we could see them rolling the noodles and hand pulling them over the counter, so I imagined they would be very fresh. My boyfriend ordered the first thing on the menu, Tingly and Spicy Cumin Lamb, which didn't come as a noodle soup. The cumin was a bit too much for my taste. My sister and I both ordered the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle soup, which was very tasty. You could order mild or spicy, and I went with spicy. In my opinion, a lot of times when I order something spicy, it doesn't end up being very spicy, but this noodle soup was different. I really loved the flavor of the beef and soup -the noodles were good but a bit too thick for my taste. I probably would have given 5 stars if the noodles were thinner, but I still enjoyed the food! And one more thing, the portion sizes were very generous -honestly my sister and I should have split one because we ended up with leftovers!
4 You should be required to sign a waiver before ordering the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian. The heat level is not messing around, it'll burn your mouth and your esophagus but if these aren't super tasty noodles...  I usually feel like when food is THIS spicy it sacrifices flavor for best but not in this case. Every bite burned my soul but I couldn't stop eating. The pork and sauce are packed with flavor and coat every noodle. My only criticism is that the noodles were too glutinous and chewy albeit still good too.  But since it's Chelsea Market, be prepared for a wait to order.
5 WOW WOW WOW!!  I came on a rainy day & boiiiii did it make my night!! I ordered the lamp soup!! Let me just say BOMB DOT COM!!! It's so fresh & taste like if your grandma made it from scratch! It's also beautiful to see an entire team work together to provide such an amazing experience. The wait wasn't long at all (I did come on a Wednesday night) so I dk if it's like this on the weekend, I wouldn't be surprise if there's a little wait on the weekend (definitely worth the wait, if there is.. just saying!!)
4 Decided to try this place since some of my friends suggested it and we were nearby. I have to say this place is not a sit and chill concept more of eat and go vibe going on.   My friend and I shared the spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup since I'm not a big fan of lamb. It was pretty good and flavorful but after a few bites the noodles got too doughy. The soup was definitely my favorite since it was super flavorful and had a good amount of spice. The service was quick and fast hence there's still four star.   But I probably won't be back the next time I'm in the city since there are so many other places to try.
4 Boy do I love me some THICCC hand pulled noodles in soup. I ordered the "Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb" and the flavor did not disappoint. It was such a comforting meal, and it was just the right amount of spice. Sometimes cumin and oil can leave an uncomfortable oily layer on your tongue, and this place did not do that for me. There aren't many seats, but if you do get one sit in front of the kitchen so you can watch the cooks hand pull the noodles!
5 The Chelsea Market is a must-stop in NYC for me. There are so many delicious restaurants here. I heard really great things about Very Fresh Noodles and was so excited to finally get to try it out. I went with the Spicy Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck Bok Choy & Shiitake Mushroom ($12.50). I took the meal to-go. I appreciated that they checked in with me to see how far I would be traveling, as they wanted to make sure the noodles wouldn't be too soggy in the hot broth. I was only traveling about 10 minutes so I didn't have it packaged separately. OMG. The noodles were so delicious- long & chewy & very fresh (as the name implies lol). The broth was perfectly spicy and was packed with rich flavors. I absolutely loved this dish. Can't wait to come back and try some more noodles!
5 I had the beef noodle soup and it was DELICIOUS! The noodles were fresh, soup was flavorful and the beef was very tender. Highly recommend this place!
5 I'm from Taiwan and I have high standard towards beef noodle soup. The essential of it is beef, noodle and the broth. This place achieved all three and I was so thrilled that I found this place. This is my new favorite place in NYC! Bravo!
5 Literally the best thing I've eaten all week and I believe these noodles cure all ailments!  So my friend and I were both sick and wanted something spicy to help our sore throats and stuffy noses. Luckily for us there is Very fresh noodles. We ordered the spicy cumin lamb soup and the Dan Dan noodles with beef along with a Tsingtao beer. You get the see the entire process of how your noodles are made right before your eyes. The guy slinging them is an artist and the noodles themselves are so tender and super flavorful. The spicy cumin lamb soup was amazing , delicious and spicy with tender bits of lamb, even though it was spicy we couldn't stop eating it. The Dan Dan noodles are a bit different as it is a dry noodle but it is equally as delicious with a myriad of spices rendering an amazing flavor profile. Both paired well with the Tsingtao beer which helped with the tingling tongues we had from the spices.   Let's just say we walked into very fresh noodles sick and walked out cured. If you haven't yet definitely check them out!
5 My favorite place to eat it's a dedicated spot for me. It's soooooo amazing I make sure I set one day out of the week to go here just to control my self
3 I came to Chelsea Market twice and was disappointed that the first time, VFN was closed because I think they were renovating. I tried the spicy cumin lamb noodles, the beef noodles, the vegetarian mushroom/"duck" noodles and tofu milk tea.  The line for this spot was really long. I love the way they decorated the space with mahjong tiles as their counter, vintage books, lion/dragon statues, neon signs and other Chinese references. The broth for all 3 noodle soups I got were the same. I liked that the workers seemed to be calm and worked well under pressure and loudness. I also liked being able to see the worker stretch and make the noodles. I enjoyed the thick width of the noodles but thought that the noodles were too thick in its height. I would have liked for the width to remain same but the height be thinner. The broth was nice but was very oily. The tofu drink was great. Something about the tofu itself was more sour than I expected. There were also white tapioca balls at the bottom of my drink. You get your bang for your buck here because the noodle bowls are huge. It felt like I was eating endless noodles. Eating space is limited. They have bar seats and stand-up tables. You cannot adjust the spice level on the dishes but this wasn't a problem for me at all. I would have liked to try the noodles as a dry noodle rather than soup as well but all three I tried were with soup.
4 Best Noodles Fast Food Restaurant  Only  for lovers of real tasty peppers and special taste ..                 ..
5 Amazing street food experience. Spicy Noodles are really spicy. It's a treat everytime we visit there
5 Got awesome service, ordered the Very Spicy Biang Biang. It's delicious! Perfect amount of Szechuan spiciness and numbing. Also grabbed a can of what I considered Chinese sweet tea; perfect combo! Definitely worth the visit, I want to try the soup noodles next time.
5 If you want to enter into a happy food coma, order the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. For a soup, it is dense and luscious. Like eating a thanksgiving meal, you'll want to cuddle up in a ball and take a long nap after. The flavors are perfectly balanced and the meat is oh-so tender.   The pudding wasn't for me. I'm accustomed to a sweeter lighter pudding and this was authentically bland.
4 The freshest noodles you could get in town - like for real - there is a guy pulling the noodles and boiling it right there in front of you. It makes a worlds difference in the taste. I ordered the spicy vegan noodle - you have the option of choosing this in either soup or dry form. In my opinion, spicy foods taste best with the ingredients soaked in sauce rather than broth.   The spice sometimes took away from the tasefulness of the vegan ingredients. Shiitake mushrooms and a sour tofu filled in as pseudo-meat with a side of bokchoy. I enjoy the ingredients combination but wish the spice didn't take the attention of this dish as it took away from the noodles freshness.   I highly recommend enjoying with a nice cold beer! Overall, such a great experience!
5 First time we went to a noodle bar! Kids loved it. Order the mild as Spicy is for spicy experts. Delicious! All the reviews are spot on. Service is great too!
5 The beef noodle soup is SOOOO GOOOOOOD. It's so flavorful. I highly recommend it. Unfortunately I am a vegetarian now, so I can't have it anymore, but when I wasn't I would've came here everyday if I could.
5 Hands down, the best place to eat in Chelsea Market. The vegan noodles, in particular, are unusually excellent. I'm not vegan but I get them almost every time!
4 I've created converts of people who thought they didn't like noodles by taking them here. The noodles are quite good, and their spicy dishes actually do have some actual heat.  The cumin lamb noodles are so addictive. The right balance of meaty, spicy, and chewy, and with plenty of cumin, the spice of the gods. The vegan noodles are pretty good, with the mushrooms carrying a lot of the weight here. The dan dan mian is very tasty, too. During the winter, the la mei is one of my go-to dishes to stay warm, and the cucumbers are a really refreshing side dish.  While the food here is always on point, the house drinks are just ok. None of the bubble teas are particularly interesting. Sticking with the soft drinks or bringing my water bottle has become my general strategy.  Finding a seat can be extremely challenging given the limited number of tables in Chelsea Market, so if you see an open spot, grab it.
4 Friend commenting on Instagram: What's that? Me: Very Fresh Noodles. Friend: No where is this? Me: Very Fresh Noodles.  Very fresh noodles indeed as I got to try this place out and watch them make two strands to noodles at a time which seems like a lot of work to me. I ordered the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb as a soup. I enjoyed it a lot as you know the noodles are freshly made right in front of you. They provide a good amount of meat and it's got a slight spicy kick to it.  The line can be intimidating, but once you place your order, the food is make relatively quick. Would recommend trying some out yourself.
3 My friend and I ordered the spicy cumin lamb dry noodles and at first bite, it was good until we kept eating and it went downhill... We realized that the noodles itself were too thick and the dry noodles were extremely oily. The combination of the texture and oiliness made us so sick of the dry noodles so we ended up not finishing it.   A couple of days later we tried Xi'an Famous Food's spicy cumin lamb dry noodles to compare both places and we actually preferred Xi'an's. If we ever do come back here, I'd probably try the dan-dan noodles or the spicy beef noodle soup but overall I thought this place was okay.
1 The noodles were fresh and okay but it was the sauce that made this one of the worst meals I've ever had and regretted eating it right after I finished my food. I had lamb noodles and 1/3 of the bowl was oil. It was the greasiest food and very spicy which led to an upset stomach an hour later
5 The best Asian noodles/soup in the whole wide world hehe . I love going here for their spicy tingly lamb cumin noodles with soup! True to it's name with the perfect amount of spicy and tingly
4 The spicy cumin lamb (dry) noodles are so satisfying. Ugh hand pulled noodles are the best. They have such a nice mouthfeel and were very flavorful. My only gripe is that there wasn't much lamb and that there was an excessive amount of oil in my bowl.  *if you can't handle spice I'd go with a non-spicy option*
3 I liked the texture of the noodles -- you could definitely taste that they were fresh made and I loved watching them make the noodles. I got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup noodles (spicy!) -- the meat was tender but the soup didn't have the depth of flavor that I was craving.   I thought that overall it was an okay meal, but I didn't finish and I'm not sure if I'd be back (especially because of the long line and limited seating inside Chelsea Market)
5 I work in the neighborhood and typically avoid Chelsea market due to the ridiculous amount of tourists, but occasionally I will crave a bowl of beef noodle soup and will sacrifice a little bit of my sanity for a bowl of beef noodle soup at very fresh noodles.  I've been dining with them for close to 2 years, and have had probably 50+ bowls of their noodles.   I always order the spicy Taiwanese beef noodle soup and it always hits the spot. the broth is definitely more on the savory and thick side, and super flavorful. I can't decide whether the the fresh hand whipped noodles or the soft tender beef chunks are the best part.   the good news is that they are very consistent. there was one time in my 50 times dining there that I only got a tiny bit of beef instead of their regular generous portion. I ordered extra beef for $2 on the side that one time and it all worked out.  it's always tastier if you eat at the counter versus taking it back with you.
5 Located in one of the busiest part of Chelsea market, so the line was longgggg. It's a quick grab-and-go service and most seats are for public use, so good luck finding a seat!  The noodle(yes, cuz the whole bowl only had one really long and stretchy noodle!) tasted great!! A bit spicy and I had to break it apart manually using chopsticks to share with friends. They got delicious lamb slices also, and A LOT of cilantro!!  Interesting experience on a rainy day in NYC, made my first visit at Chelsea market even better!
2 We chose this for our dinner because we saw them made noodles in there. ( they pre-made the dough but make dough into noodles in the restaurant). They don't have too many seats, so ..... kind of intense if you try to get into the line to order, and try to find a seat.  ( try to imagine you are holding a bowl of hot soup and trying to find a seat.....) We ordered Taiwanese beef noodles and mild cumin beef dry noodles.  As a Taiwanese, I have to say the flavor of the beef soup is average but too salty.  For the cumin beef noodles, the texture of noodles stayed good since it didn't soak in soup. The sauce is way too strong and salty.  They stewed beef for too long so you can't have the texture of beef at all.  I understand that Chinese food has to be more salty to be popular in USA, but.... omg, for your own health good, don't have so much salt in food. Get water with you when you are here.
5 Huge line, totally worth the wait. We don't really have hand-pulled noodles in San Francisco, let alone vegan options, so this was an awesome surprise.   The vegan soup was heavenly; the broth was rich and warming, and the noodles were perfection. Meanwhile the vegan tan tan noodles were epically spicy and chewy. Also had the tofu pudding, which proved to be the perfect palate cleanser.   10/10, would noodle again.   PLEASE OPEN IN SAN FRANCISCO.
4 The beef noodle is really amazing! I love any spicy noodle and this is kinda getting obsessed! I was not really sure this is tasty at the first time. BUT try to get a normal spicy because You can add some spicy from the table. You'll get into it for sure. The beef is extremely tender!! I just don't eat lamb but a friend of mine says the Lamb soup is the best. The noodle is very fresh and elastic as dancing in your mouth!
4 Warning: the spice level for these noodles are no joke!   Since it was my first time visiting, I asked the worker whether he recommend the cumin lamb or the dan dan noodles. I wanted to try the dry dan dan noodles so badly, but he warned me they were much spicier than the cumin lamb. Thank goodness I went with the cumin lamb soup! These noodles definitely had a solid kick, and I can handle spice fairly well. My boyfriend ordered the Taiwanese beef soup, and this one had the perfect spice level in my opinion. The pieces of beef were also more tender than the lamb. The broth bases were slightly different, with the beef soup having a subtle sweetness. The handmade noodles were incredibly thick, chewy, and dense. They will definitely fill you up and keep you warm on a cold winter day!
4 Bery Fresh Noodles has very fresh noodles. Really delicious dishes with a lot of flavors. Would get this again but it is very heavy. Not a place I would go to (unless sharing) if you want to try multiple places throughout the market. 4.2/5 stars
5 I first heard about this noodle stall through Instagram photos of their neon sign. I got lost a couple of times but after asking people, I found this stall nestled in the corner of Chelsea Market before the water installation. The bowl was loaded with thick vegan noodles (which were very fresh - lived up to its name), mock duck, parsley, scallions, and delicious broth. I ate before finally finding this stall so the portion was very big for me. The broth was very oily and left me feeling very thirsty several hours after but it was so worth! There's just something about the soup that makes me crave more. The mock duck was also another favourite part although I'm not sure what it's made of. I'm still drooling thinking about this place.
1 Not good. Way too much oil. Would you like some soup with your oil? No veggies. Terribly unhealthy.
4 My boyfriend swears by this place for its Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup ($12.95) - it's his absolute favorite, and I have to agree after trying a few bites for the 2nd time recently. We tried getting it once before, less than an hour before closing, but they ran out -- not sure if this is a regular occurrence here but I guess that just proves how great the BNS is here! The cut/slices of the slow braised beef is just so incredibly meaty, soft & tender... actually pretty hard to find anything like it anywhere else in the city, including Chinatown. (Maybe you can get this in Flushing, but we hardly venture up there) The hand pulled noodles are perfect as well, but the soup is a little more oily than I'd like. Be careful not to get it on yourself, as my friend accidentally dropped her spoon and left a nasty stain on her dress... it didn't wash off even after doing laundry so you know that oil is on another level.  While my bf got the BNS, I wanted to try something new - the dry Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb (also $12.95). This was not good. Overly salty and oily. Maybe just TOO MUCH for our blander Cantonese palettes?? But I felt like I needed to dump the entire bowl in another bowl of plain hot water to dilute all the salt + flavors, and make it a noodle soup instead of "dry" noodles. These "dry" noodles tasted like they were soaked in pure oil or in a super concentrated sauce, or both. If I'd known this, I definitely would've stuck with the beef noodle soup instead. The dry noodles at Xi'an Famous Foods are much better (balanced).  We also got bubble teas ($4.25/each) which were surprisingly very good - bubbles were chewy and fresh. So these 4 stars are for the beef noodle soup & bubble teas - I vouch for those! Dry lamb noods, not so much.
4 Discovered this place through Insider Food so you know I had to give it a try when I visited New York. Located within Chelsea Market, I had difficulty locating it because I'm from California and it was my first time ever being in New York. The noodles were hand pulled, which was awesome. There was a lot of flavor in the Hand Pulled noodles and the workers were so friendly! You can actually see them make the noodles from the kitchen, it's pretty cool. I took off a star because while the flavor was exceptional, there was a lot of onion and leek when I had asked for less of it. It wasn't bad, but I just prefer less of it. Otherwise great customer service and great food!
3 We ordered the cucumbers, Dan Dan mein, and Taiwanese beef noodle soup. We also ordered bubble tea. The Dan dan mein was very dry and the noodles just form a large clump. The beef noodle soup was good but very oily. I had to skim off the later of oil. The cucumbers were good. The bubble tea was good. The service was good and the workers were friendly. I'm not sure if I will be back.
5 One of my favorite eateries to visit whenever I come to New York! I love their cumin beef dry noodles. It's packed with flavor. The beef melts in your mouth and the noodles are super fresh. You can see the cooks stretching and shaping the noodles behind the line right before they cook it for your order. Must give it a try if you haven't already!
5 Came here for a quick bite with a friend and left with a new favourite noodle go-to!!! This place is awesome and it's inside the Chelsea market so v casual, know what to expect in terms of seating (barely) etc. You can watch the person hand pull/slap/do some magic with the noodles and everyone was super nice. I can't really handle spicy food but I got the spicy vegan noodles with mock duck as recommended by my friend and it was crazy good, very manageable spice. The kind that mildly numbs your tongue. It also helped that I paired with with a tofu pudding drink which is very similar to an iced chai. Seriously blew my taste buds away. If you're wavering just stop there and go for it I cannot emphasize how happy I was eating this!
5 I am completely in love with the tingly & spicy cumin lamb!  So many flavors and they combine perfectly to make an amazing bowl of soup (or you can order it dry).  The noodles quickly soak up the flavor and are so tasty.  You definitely cannot eat this daintily as it is basically one huge long noodle, but as soon as you dig in, that just doesn't matter any more! The spice level was perfect to me, some may find it too spicy, so beware if you are not a spice lover.  It gets very crowded at lunch time, but the line moves at a decent pace.  There is bar type seating along the perimeter, one section has a view of the kitchen where you can watch the noodles being made and the other has book shelves, I noticed a few people reading the books as they ate.  There are also stand up tables in the back of the food court and a few sit down tables at the front.  If it's really crowded, you can always get it to go and find another place in the market to eat.  Don't let the line scare you, it's worth the wait!
2 After walking around Chelsea Market at least three times, I decided to settle on Very Fresh Noodles for a bowl of their beef noodle soup. At first, I did think that it was very cool that you could see their workers behind the counter hand pulling the noodles. My order came out immediately, thankfully! I went during lunchtime, when every shop had huge lines. My soup came in a plastic bowl which I was easily able to carry to a seat right outside the kitchen. The first thing that stood out to me about the beef noodle soup was the smell. The aroma was amazing, and I first took a sip of the soup. The broth is great, not too spicy, and amazingly flavorful. I do think that the soup is very oily, which can be good or bad sometimes. This soup had some very interesting vegetables that I have never seen in beef noodle soups - including dill, chives, and a LOT of mustard greens. Honestly, the amount of vegetables compared to the actual beef was offputting. In addition, the noodles did not really have much flavor and were very hard to chew! The beef was great, but I really think that the soup could have more pieces... I was really disappointed because I have had a much better Taiwanese beef noodle soup at a restaurant in my small college town - I think I expected more from such a popular place in the heart of the city.
3 It sucks you can't alter the spice level for the dan dan noodles. They looked so good so I got them anyway and they were just too spicy for me. I forced myself to eat them until I got full so I didn't spend $13 on noddles and leave hungry but I didn't enjoy them. Even the other noodles I looked at getting you couldn't alter the spice. When your feeding such a large variety of people it seems ridiculous you can't ask for more mild of sauce.  It was the tingly lamb cumin. That was the other dish I was interested in getting and was told I couldn't alter the spice level.
4 Noodles made fresh to order. Line was not very long, and the staff was super friendly. Noodles were chewy, and the lamb was tender. My only issue was that the spice was a little too concentrated, so I would bite into spots with lots of spice at times. This became a bit annoying, as I tried to mix the noddles a bit more to no avail. Not sure how to remedy this, but it was not great having to mix a whole lot. Still, great noodles and otherwise awesome lamb.
4 One of my first stops that I had bookmarked to try in New York was this place called "Very Fresh Noodles". It's an interesting name and the place is inside Chelsea Market.   Waited in line for lunch and ordered the beef noodle soup, they have a popular other flavors like lamb and you can also get it dry or soup based. I ordered also mild flavor but you could get it spicy!   The bowl of soup was super flavorful and I enjoyed the texture of the noodles with the beef. I thought it was a great mix and they blend together.   You could sit on the seats and tables around. Next time I wouldn't mind trying the dry noodle. Just to compare the difference.   The noodles are made literally right in front of you and it's a pretty cool thing to watch. If you have time to come here I think it's pretty nice spot.
5 A rule of thumb to find a great food place is to go to where the lines are. If that doesn't work for you then you can also just follow your nose. Luckily for me, both of these caught my eye as I making my way toward my original food destination in Chelsea Market. I made a mental note of the place and made sure to check it on yelp and save some room in my stomach to try it before I left. Upon eating some of the best tacos of my life I made my way to Very Fresh Noodles with pretty high expectations after eating something amazing. The placed looked pretty legit and the reviews for sure check out. I was recently in China and had some of the best food in my life so my expectations were running pretty high but I had a good feeling I would not be disappointed.   I made my way to the line and ordered the delicious-looking Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup, extra spice of course. I was lucky enough to snag a seat right after ordering and within a few minutes, I already heard my number being called. In a sort of surprise, I walked up to the counter to make sure my hearing was right and found a delectable bowl of soup spewing amazing aromas with my number on it, literally. I picked it up, took a quick snap, and began to chow down on this fatty, flavorful, spice-heavy dish. The only thing I could think of while eating it was wow. I then went for the Very Fresh Noodles that the restaurant is probably named after and was again hit with another moment of awe. The quality and taste of the noodles were just ridiculously good. Then onto the tender and succulent chunks of meat. I don't even really need to say anything else it. I feel like at this point I'm overdoing it. Just try this and you won't regret :)
3 Broth well developed flavors but too spicy for me. Noodles are ok. Beef soup had chunks of delicious tender beef. My bowl might've had a bit too much vinegar but I can imagine those who like sweet and sour soup might enjoy this place.
4 The "Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian" is, indeed, as advertised and verbally warned, very spicy. The texture of the thin noodle is so good- doughy. But it's hard to enjoy when the sauce is just so overwhelming. There is no non-spicy or mild option with these thin noodles. Wish there was more peanut to balance out the spicy. At $12 ($13.06 with tax) it's worth a try.
4 My friend wanted to check this place out and I'm glad we came here. Kick ass noodles!! Broth was spicy and flavorful, slightly on the salty side but wow!! It was delicious. The hand pulled noodles were some of the best I've tasty and perfectly cooked and chewy.   I had the spicy cumin lamb. I couldn't get enough! There were slices of thin lamb mixed in with sliced cabbage and some cilantro to give it some freshness. It was reasonably priced at $12.50. Especially for being in Chelsea market. I got a Thai iced coffee with bubbles on the side for $4.50. My friend got the duck noodles which he said was also a favorite of his on the menu - I didn't get to try that because I was too busy eating my own haha  Looking forward to coming back and trying other stuff on the menu. Highly recommend checking it out
4 This place was YUM. The fresh noodles were super good and the broth was VERY flavorful. I had the tingly and spicy(cumin beef) it tasted kinda like hotpot in a bowl. My only complaint is not enough seating besides the noodle bar. Other than that theres tables to stand n eat. I guess for people on the go. But our fat asses were trying to sit and enjoy are meal on vacay!!! Super cool that you can see the guy pulling the noodles, so you know its nice and fresh!!! Id go back for a noodle fix if in town again. Then you can walk it off at the Chelsea market!!!
4 This place is legit! The beef is so soft that it melts in your mouth. I wanted more beef in my bowl of piping hot noodles. I ordered the mild Taiwanese beef noodle soup because I cannot handle my spices these days. It was still very flavorful. The soup has an herbal taste to it and reminded me of the boat noodle soup I had in Thailand. I highly recommend getting this if you cannot handle your spice and want noodles from here. It seems like the other items on the menu are quite spicy especially the Dan Dan noodles which they do not allow altering. The bowl of noodle was about $14 including tax which I think is pricey for hand-pulled noodles but I guess normal for the Chelsea area. I would definitely come back for more noodles when I am in the area.
3 I went to this place because it was really popular every time I went to Chelsea market but the food was a bit disappointing. The soup and taste was a little heavy and nauseating. I wouldn't go here again.
5 A flavor explosion for such a value price! you can watch them make noodles infront of you and wow the spicy cumin beef was delicious packed with flavors and fresh herbs. Definitely worth a try!
5 Very Fresh Noodles is one of so many examples of why you shouldn't let food dictate your adventures in the Big Apple. Go wherever you want to go, check out anything you want to check out, and know that when your tummy's growlin', great food is always nearby, you just need to find it.  I wasn't expecting to find it in Chelsea Market, tell you what. But I smelled this place immediately, and found it impressive that VFN had a long line of fans, whereas the Italian vendor across the aisle was customer free. I learned why just minutes later. The line moved quickly, and soups came out in a jiff; we were crazy lucky to land a table for the feast, be prepared to wander a ways during a lunch rush. Anyway, cutting to the chase: my favorite meal in months. I'm a sucker for huge flavor, I love heat, heavy spice profiles, and varying textures, and my lamb bowl delivered in spades. So many spades, actually, I was basically tasting the meal all day long, if you get my drift. Cumin! Hand made noodles! The cold cucumber dish nicely balanced my tongue burnout, and I've been daydreaming this meal ever since.
5 Definitely one of the most visited food stall in Chelsea Market, and for good reason! Xi'an Foods has dominated the hand made lamb cumin noodles market in NY, but I think Very Fresh Noodles competes right along with them.    To really compare the two places, we actually had Xian Noodles and Very Fresh Noodles one after the other (but we walked to each place to make us feel better about ourselves ). After a very serious discussion, we decided that Very Fresh Noodles tops Xian Noodles ever so slightly. Very Fresh Noodles lives up to their name- their noodles were prepared to perfection. It's chewyness allowed the noodles to really absorb the flavours of the sauce better than that of Xian. They also were more generous with the lamb, spring onions and other garnishes that really enhanced the flavor. We do have to say that this dish is not for the faint hearted- it's spicy!! So bring some water/milk to help you tolerate the spice because it's worth the burn!!
5 Wow wow wow.  I talk about this place everyday to my significant other. It is literally my favorite soup in all the land!  Where do I begin?  I had the lamb cumin and the flavor was unmatched.  The noodles are perfect, but they can get a little on the oily side.  The portion sizes are huge, I have a massive appetite but I could barely finish the bowl.  The line is pretty long but the wait is well worth it.  There is limited seating in Chelsea market but again, an inconvenience that's worth these noodles.  Can't wait to go back up top and get some more
5 We came by on a weekend shortly before they closed. I was stuffed as we had already eaten at a number of places in Chelsea market. However, I knew we couldn't miss hand pulled noodles! Luckily, there was not much of a line. We split a Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb and it was amazing! The broth was incredibly flavorful and the noodles were perfect and silky. They made the food super fast and it was fun watching them pull the noodles to order.
4 Located inside the Chelsea Market we found Fresh Noodles and glad we did.  There was a line when we arrived but quickly got our order and started eating.  Both my son and I ordered the Tingly and Spicy, me the beef and he got the lamb.  OK, it is spicy, and the lamb more so than the beef for some reason, but it was very good. The noodles were great, thick and chewy and wonderful texture.  I found the dish as a whole a little on the greasy side and the beef a little to fatty.  Also for some reason could not find a knife so felt kind of gross biting off pieces of beef to eat smaller bites. Got a seat at the kitchen area so we watched the pulling, smashing and ripping of the noodles.  A good choice when in the Market for a good meal.
4 I have read about this place but didn't remember where it was, so when we came back to town & stopped by Chelsea Market, spotted the place, couldn't miss it especially the line happened to be short for a few minutes!  Looking through the 1-big-page-menu in small fonts, ordered the not-spicy vegan noodle soup + my beloved "tofu pudding" (if I remember correctly... wish I had photographed the menu).   As the menu says, "Stay close b/c they work fast," they mean it. The friendly helpful crew are surprisingly non-Chinese not Mandarin-Chinese speakers! B/c of time-crunch, didn't get to see the staff-@-work making food.  The hand-pulled noodles are thick which makes it filling. The soup is flavorful but not too salty which is a big plus!   I love the authentic ginger-infused tofu pudding with a piece of strong ginger candy in it which I had never seen anywhere else serving like that including Asia! Most restaurants in the States serve it often on weekends only, so to have it on the daily menu is amazing for the locals here!  Wonder how the tofu is made? Hope it's the safe organic kind. It is served substantially (heavy) in a plastic cup, makes its $5.50 charge seem reasonable (comparing to less of it served in most Chinese restaurants, using only ginger syrup or no ginger flavor at all).  What could be improved?   1. Pls serve with biodegradable utensils would be more than welcome (vs thin plastic) &   2. Add more seats @ standing-only-eating-commune-tables which reminds me of common tiny eateries in Japan which are for quick-bites.  With quality warm & some spicy food like theirs, eating is to be enjoyed/savored in comfortable chairs esp many travelers in transit @ CM must have tired feet. Yes, more seats please even in a food-stall environment!
4 Came into Chelsea market and was walking around until we came upon this place. My friends said why not so we ordered three different bowls so we could all share. pretty cheap place for a good amount of noodles. great spice and overall good taste. there's not many places to sit though so if you can grab a table you're lucky, otherwise you're eating and standing (which many people were doing). there are so many workers that you can see how they make the noodles then and there, which is pretty cool. definitely recommend if you're in the mood for eating noodles and are in the area!
4 Hand-pulled noodles in Chelsea Market? Yes please! After walking around the market and exploring our options, my other half and I decided to get some Chinese comfort food here. I ordered the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb "dry biang biang" noodles. My other half got the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. This definitely hit the spot after walking all day. Sure it was mala spicy, but not as bad as I had anticipated. It left a nice tingle in my mouth as described. Lamb was solid, and the noodles had the perfect "Q" texture. After enjoying the beef noodle soup, my other half also ordered a taro milk bubble tea. I'm not typically a fan of boba, but he enjoyed it.  There weren't many seats around, but we were able to snag a table corner with standing room. If you get lucky, there are seats along the counter but they fill up quickly. Service is pretty quick here, from ordering to getting the food. Not that I mind spicy food, but I do wish there were some non-spicy options for other patrons. I know that if I had been with some of my other friends, eating here would be difficult. But other than that, I'm glad I was able to have a meal here during my time in NY. If I ever have the opportunity to visit again in the future, I would love to also try the spicy mock duck noodles (or just give me real duck) and the very spicy dan dan mian. Yum!
5 Get the vegan noodles. The broth tastes amazing flavorful to the point that I was in disbelief that it was vegan. It comes with pieces of mock duck that are delicious along with bok choi and mushrooms and scallions and celery if I'm remembering correctly. The noodles have a fantastic chew because they are hand pulled on the spot. Very fresh noodles indeed.
5 We tried to get a variety of popular foods while visiting the Chelsea market and this was definitely our first stop. The line moves fast and we were lucky enough to snag a seat in the front and watch the hand pulled noodles being made.  Taiwanese braised beef soup: the broth is out of this world, extremely flavorful and not too oily. The noodles are made perfectly because you taste the broth when you eat them, which means they absorb the flavor. That's how you know these noodles aren't premade or old.  Speaking of noodles, I love how they make these hand pulled noodles! They use oil instead of flour to make and stretch them out, which adds so much more flavor. It also gives it a chewiness that I have never tasted with other hand pulled noodles.  Spicy Dan Dan noodles: these are probably my favorite dry style Dan Dan noodles I had on my whole trip. They were extremely savory without being too too spicy, and they added enough ground meat and nuts to give these noodles some texture.  If you're torn between what to get, I definitely recommend either one of these two dishes. Five stars for sure!
4 Delicious hand pulled noodles in Chelsea Market!   Food: Any of the hand pulled noodles is a must. The dry bowl is pretty spicy, and the wet bowl is also extremely heavy. All the bowls are quite oily, but if you're very hungry for a lot of authentic flavor, this the place to go! However, it's not as light as Xi An Noodles for sure.   Location: On the left of the halva stands!
3 Tasty but made my stomach hurt.   Let me start off by saying that I am very used to spicy foods. So I was excited to try the lamb noodles, which people rave about. Upon first taste, it's very good. Flavor-full and meat was cooked well. After a solid 5 minutes, it got old. It began to taste salty, no longer flavorful. I couldn't even finish it because it made me feel so heavy. Two hours out, and I began to feel terrible, stomach was bloated and I felt the symptoms of indigestion. Couldn't eat anything else for the rest of the day because I felt so awful. So, while the first few tastes were good, I wouldn't recommend this place.
3 I have had Dan Dan noodles before and a lot these noodle soups are tasty this one was very oily and the beef wasn't as tender as it usually is slightly disappointed . The service was really quick I waited literally 3 minutes. The line was pretty long with people waiting to order. The prices are pretty average for portion sizes. I would give them a second try but maybe I will try something different.
5 I could smell the noodles from the entrance! Last time I was there months ago it's located at the corner in the main food court.   It seems like they moved and expanded and now they have seats outside the kitchen like a ramen shop.  You can see them kneading the dough while you eat! They only has 4main options for the noodles and my favorite was the cumin beef with soup.  Most said the no soup version tasted better as the favorite is more intense that way. I had both and personally I like "wet food" better. Either way the noodles still tasted very good! You really can't beat freshly made noodles!   The cucumber salad made a good appetizer as well!
4 I was questioning the authenticity since it's located in Chelsea market, but beat my expectations!  Casual place with lots of shared seating.   Ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and it was indeed spicy. Quite generous with the spices and it was a struggle to finish it. Beef was really tender and noodles were pleasant to eat.   Solid noodle place in Chelsea market.
5 Very Fresh indeed! You can literally see the the hard work the employees are putting in by hitting and pulling the noodles by hand. I've been to this location 4 times because it's honestly the best biang biang noodles I've had in NYC. I always get the dry cumin lamb and the level of spice is perfect for me. The mala flavor may leave your tongue feeling very numb, so be careful if you can't handle your spice. The noodles are nice and thick, but it's still very flat so that the flavor is able to be distributed nice and evenly. The lamb is always tender and juicy, rich with that cumin flavor. If you're craving a heavier noodle dish with a punch of tingly spice, this is the place to go!
5 This was our first day in NY and a friend who lives there suggested going to Chelsea Market. So glad she did. The market itself is pretty crowded which would probably account for the long lines, but one line that is worth the wait is definitely here! I generally enjoy spicy food and this place hits the spot. Getting a table is a bit tricky but once you find your corner on a crowded stand up counter and dig in, you realize you've made the right choice in picking a place to eat at in Chelsea Market. We ordered the Dan Dan Noodles and Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. SO GOOD!
4 Ordered: 1. Tingly and spicy cumin lamb (dry). They mix it all up for you  2. Tingly and spicy cumin lamb (soup). Nice and spicy soup.    They both have thin lamb strips, thick hand pulled noodles (you can watch them through the window as they stretch out/pull/slap the noodles), green onions, celery, spice.  One just has a thick broth. The meat is not super soft and fatty but they are nice thin strips like shabby shabu meat.  The noodles are perfectly cooked and slightly chewy, the spice level was great (not too much, not too little).  They offer a spicy sauce but it's the seeds of a chili and I didn't want more things floating in my soup.  They also have black vinegar if you want a more sour flavor.
5 Delicious!! Had a taste for noodles and these are the best I've ever had...hard working staff
4 I always make sure I visit this place when im in NY. I always get the lamei thai beef noodles and they never disappoint! They give you the most generous amount of noodles and beef and the broth is flavorful. The noodles are perfectly soft with the perfect amount of chew. I can go on forever. My favorite noodle spot for sure!
5 BEST Taiwanese beef noodle soup I've had in the states!! I originally came to this stall over 2 years ago and fell in love with their noodle soup. I'm from California where the Asians flock so I've had my fair share of different Taiwanese beef noodle soups, and this one has beaten all others out of the ballpark.   I came back to NYC 2 years later, and this was the first spot on my mind that I had to revisit. The place is bigger now with more stand up tables around the stall and even has a new, cute sign!   My favorite part about the dish is the thickness of the noodles. You can even see them making it behind the stall, stretching and slapping it to create the perfect thickness and texture! The beef is very soft and can be chewed easily. The broth is so heartwarming and authentic, though can get a bit salty near the end so definitely drink a lot of water to balance it out.   Will definitely come again the next time I'm in NYC!!
4 I remembered when this was a wee little food stall tucked away in the corner of Chelsea Market, and transformed into the noodle slinging megashack it is now. First of all, be prepared to wait on a line. Each time I have visited here I have waited at least 15-20 mins just on the line and then another 5 for food. There is limited booth seating but normally I just take my order to go.   As for the actual food, the consistency of the noodle texture differs each and every time I visit. Sometimes it's very springy and has a good chew, and sometimes (like today) my noodles were on the limp and lifeless side. I always get the beef noodle soup here, and their broth is definitely heavier on the salt and oil compared to say, Xi'an famous foods. I'd say the noodles are a 3/5, but the beef was very tender and flavorful, that alone gets a 5/5.   I would say VFN is for one of those "treat yourself to a big ol bowl of greasy noodles" days when nothing else quite hits the spot but it is too heavy to eat on a regular basis.
5 I'm not an expert when it comes to Taiwanese noodles but this place is definitely worth a visit. The  shop is located inside Chelsea Market alongside several other food vendors. I was drawn to their fresh hand-pulled noodles, which are made right in front of you. I ordered the Taiwanese braised beef noodle soup (mild). The total was under $15 and my meal came out within minutes. Unlike some of the other noodle shops, you can't customize the cut of the noodles. Very Fresh Noodles serves knife-cut style noodles, which were extremely thick and chewy. The braised beef was tender and the soup was very flavorful. The portion size was generous and I got full pretty quickly because of the noodles.  You can't go wrong with any of the vendors in Chelsea Market but I definitely recommend giving Very Fresh Noodles a chance.
5 Probably my favorite noodle place in the United States. This place is a must-go for me every time I travel to New York. The broth is so flavorful and noodles perfect texture. Meat is cooked to perfection also. The noodles here are always consistently fresh and taste amazing. I've had the lamb noodle soup and Dan Dan noodles here. Both are just simply delicious.
5 YUUM!! Coming from Los Angeles, with a wide variety of Asian food experience under my belt, I was really intrigued walking into Chelsea Market to see this place. Freshly made hand pulled noodles?? I'm in! I ordered the Dan dan noodles, cucumber salad, and tofu drink and wow hi, i'm in love! The noodles are firm with a good bouncy texture that is perfectly coated with the sauce and delicious ground meat. Ive had countless of cucumber salads and this one is by far the best I've ever had. It has the perfect balance between spicy and sour, and I totally love the heaping amount of garlic. Also, can i just talk about the tofu drink?? It's sooooo good! You have to try it for yourself! Much love :)
4 I tried the Dan Dan noodles and my husband tried the Spicy Lamb Noodle. Seating was a little tricky, its all tables so you just gotta find a place to fit in. Its a cool like spot and location. I really liked the broth, it has perfect seasonings with this hearty taste to it. Very, very flavorful. They make the noodles fresh in front of you. One thing I would critique is that they add too much noodles. I felt like they were everlasting. Great place on a cold day. The lamb was perfectly cooked. It just melted in your mouth, so tender. The Spicy broth will definitely clear your sinuses though.
5 Love love love this noodle place!!! Wasnt satisfied eating Xian Famous Food, but this one is a lot better!!
5 Heard this place have very fresh noodles, and I am a big fan of noodles so we went there to have a try. It has a long queue but you just wait 10mins at most. There's a guy pulling the noodles at window. I had la mei Taiwanese beef noodle, my friend had cumins lamb noodles with soup. They are both great and I prefer lamb. The soup tastes differently and both worth a try. Nice place and noodles!
4 4th of July lunch since I'm staying at a hotel nearby, the market was pack of window shoppers like, go find a better hobbie lol had the tingly and spicy noodle, it was good not great, best part was watching the cooks roll out the noodles.
4 Came here on 4th of July and Chelsea Market wasn't as packed as I seen it before. Very Fresh Noodles always has a line so decided to try it today and it was a great choice. I had the Spicy Noodle with Mock Duck and it was deliciooous. Definitely would recommend for fellow vegetarians and even if you're not vegetarian! We got lucky and sat at the barstools in front and got to watch the cooks prepare the noodles which was very entertaining!
5 Best Dan Dan noodles I've ever eaten in my life. Honestly, that review itself is pretty much impactful enough but I guess I'll go into more specifics...  The Dan Dan noodles here are so fresh, spicy, flavorful. Everything you would want in Dan Dan noodles. The vegetables on top cut the richness of the nutty flavors. It gives you a refreshing bite. I believe they fry their peanuts because the slivers of peanut (EDIT! I found out that it's actually beans and they make a peanut free Dan Dan to accommodate people with allergies) are super crunchy and tasty it just adds that new layer of texture to the chewy noodles. Let me tell you! These noodles PACK HEAT! They're spicy, but so good! I'm the girl that loves heat and will eat the 2x spicy noodle challenge ramen as my regular noodles, so if you're not used to heat, you've been warned! (It's not as hot as those noodles but it definitely has a strong kick). Overall, I'd definitely come back, in fact I'm craving it as I'm writing this review!
2 Disgusting. This restaurant is all hype is a giant rip off. The noodles are ridiculously spicy which then masks any flavor of either the noodles the meat or the stock. The flavor of which I speak is non existent and the meat portions are tinier than Donald trump's hands. And that's saying a lot.   What do I think of the soup? It'll burn your mouth, it'll burn your tastebuds it'll burn your daughters dorm room and it'll burn a hole in your pockets.  Seriously there are 100 different stores here choose something else.
5 If you know a better noodle place please send me to that direction. Cause this is probably the best noodles I've ever had! Ever! It's so fresh they pull it right in front of you. Man it was so flavorful. I wish I live in NY...
5 I love this place. It's one of my go-to noodle restaurants in the city. So far, I've tried a couple of them and they're all phenomenal. The noodles are all fresh, hand pulled (right in front of you!), so they're delicious and chewy. The portion sizes are pretty huge -- I've never finished an entire bowl in one sitting, and I can eat a lot. And the flavors of each of the different dishes are strong, authentic, and tasty. The venue itself is in Chelsea Market, which is typically pretty crowded and full of tourists, but these noodles are so worth it! Especially at this price point (I think most of them are all under $15).There's unfortunately very limited seating area and a couple of standing tables so it's better suited for a quick meal.  On to the noods. The dan dan noodles are my absolute favorite. There's a strong peanut flavor (if you're into that), lots of spices, and a generous portion of ground pork, cucumbers, and nuts on the top. The cumin noodles with vegan duck are also great. The mock duck is made out of tofu I think, and it's delicious. Cumin is a pretty strong flavor and there's a lot of it in this dish so it's not a frequent choice of mine, but it definitely hits the spot when I'm craving it. The Taiwanese beef noodle soup is another classic. Both the beef and the broth are very flavorful and the beef is really tender, which I loved. The noodles in this dish are "knife cut" style, so they're very wide and chewy.  The venue may be underwhelming but the food is so worth it -- I promise you!
4 The bowls are very filling and flavorful. The broth was a tad bit on the oily side but delicious otherwise. Because it's in Chelsea market there is limited room to sit and enjoy your food. They do offer to go options but it gets messy because the broth spills out.
5 Loved the vegan noodles!!! My vegan brother made a beeline for this restaurant as soon as he walked into Chelsea Market. I was super congested so everything tastes like cardboard, but I tried this broth and it was SO FLAVORFUL! My mouth is salivating just thinking about that vegan broth. I cannot wait to go back and taste the broth when I'm not super congested...
2 The hand pulled noodles are definitely amazing; made from scratch; soft and chewy texture. However the sauce and soup in the noddles are a bit on the salty and oily side. Could not taste the flavors from the broth; consisted with lots of chili, oil, and salt. Drenched with oil. Price was also on the pricier side for its quality.
5 There are so many restaurants in NYC, and this is my favorite! So delicious!!! Friendly service. I came from Tennessee and made sure we made this a stop on our trip. Tip: Make sure you order mild if you don't want super spicy food.
3 This place was disappointing given the overwhelming positive reviews on here and its presence of customers at the time.   The sauce of the dan dan noodles was "heavy" so the noodles were super sticky. I was NOT given the option to choose a spice level, and i can handle spicy food pretty well, but these noodles really went hard with the spice. The amount of pork was in a small quantity. It was just tiring trying to finish it so i didn't.   The taiwanese beef soup was mediocre. The soap was REALLY salty and concentrated. Noodles didn't have the smoothness or chewiness that wide noodles should have. I've had better in a lot of places.  The black milk tea was slightly bitter, not a good indication of good tea leaves. A lot of the tapioca balls were stuck in clumps of 3 or more so my straw was stuck every other sip.  Maybe my taste buds are just different, but I'm Chinese, so I've had these dishes a lot and this place is definition not amongst the top ones.
5 Ohhhhh myyyyy godddd. It was so good!! The noodles were very fresh just like it's name! They're not playing when they say it's numbing spicy. Highly recommend!
5 I was a little worried since my spice tolerance is a bit weak  but spice was just right when I ordered the spicy beef dry noodles. It's spicy, tingly (as it says), beef was tender and flavorful, and the noodles were amazingly chewy and thick. Very casual set up and fast service.
4 Stopped by Chelsea Market on a recent visit to NYC. It was a rainy day so what better lunch than some noodles! The Taiwanese beef noodle soup (ordered spicy) hit the spot. The meat was delicious and the whole dish was very filling....I couldn't even finish. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in the city!
5 DEFINITELY worth the hype!  Entering the Chealsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles is what I was looking forward to the most. Luckily the line wasnt too bad for us. My husband and I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and it did not disappoint. Wish I had more room for another if I could! The broth was filled with richness and the noodles were amazing. Perfectly chewy and tender at the same time. Its packed with nutritious vegetables and they dont joke around with meat either. Super tender and flavorful.   I would definitely visit again if I could! (Not from NY) my only complaint would be the napkins. Wish they had better napkins instead if just having cheap paper rolls!
5 Really fast service. I got the vegan duck noodles and they were extremely courteous about making sure I had the best experience (eg keeping broth warm as I was ordering takeout and walking a bit aways). In fact they even gave me a discount because they were concerned that my takeout wouldn't reflect the dish at its best - but the noodles were extremely delicious! The vegan protein substitute had great texture and a savory flavor. It wasn't quite like duck but reminded me more of fried tofu and was yummy in its own way. The soup was really spicy (I asked for no spice, so either they misheard or I have incredibly low tolerance, but it was so good I didn't mind suffering through...). Most of the menu is pretty spicy, so if you're into that, this is the place.
5 While perusing through Chelsea Market, this place stood out because of the fresh noodles and line of people waiting for their food! The line wasn't too long when we got there, which allowed us to get our food quickly.  My friend Lynslee and I decided to share a dish so we ordered the beef noodle soup. We ordered it spicy and it came out within the next 5 minutes. The service was fast and it's cool to sit at the bar area because you can see the chefs stretch out the noodles for their dishes! The beef noodle soup was full of flavor and had a great spice to it. The noodles were delicious and went well with the beef that melted in your mouth. The beef noodle soup is a must when going here!   I will definitely have to return to try their other dishes because the noodles are so yummy!
5 Haven't had the food yet but this spot gets 6 stars. Orders 5 soups to go. Order was done and I repeated that they were to go. "Where to?"  I told them Harlem and they all liked at each other. Then they apologized. "Gotta redo it or they will be soggy." They busted ass and redid the entire order.  The entire order. They separated the noodles from the soup.   I will love whatever is in this bag.
5 Oh man! This place has the best noodles I've had! Get the cumin and lamb "dry" rather than with broth! Deep intense flavor will blow your mind!!
5 HOLY ****.   That's what I said after I took my first bite of the Tingly & Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodles. I cannot say enough good things about these noodles:   -The lamb is perfectly tender and seasoned (I've got to figure out how to make cumin lamb at home)  -The noodles are wide and flat and have an extraordinary texture unlike anything I've ever had -The soup makes the noodles super spicy and tingly and exhilarating (beware to those of you with low spice tolerances) -Huge portion at a reasonable price   I feel like I haven't done these noodles justice. Just know that when you see the long line, it's worth the wait. It's been a week since I've had these noodles, and I still think about them every time I get hungry.
4 I wasn't very hungry so I share the beef noodle soup with my sister. It was delicious! The beef inside the soup is very tender as well!. I love the decoration of the place! Super cute and creative.  I wish they have a bigger menu!
4 The whole experience of being able to watch how noodles are prepared was very unique. I had Dan Dan noodles and I was warned it is very spicy. In fact it was spicy and numbing. The noodles felt it's soaked in spice and it is hard to eat and after a while it is hard to enjoy. I wouldn't recommend getting spicy noodles even if you are used to spicy.   Sitting is limited in most places in Chelsea Market including Very Fresh Noodles   so you should try to beat the crowds if you come with a group.
3 Our first stop once we got into Chelsea Market and a friend recommended this place. Ordered the Taiwanese beef noodle soup which was served in a plastic disposable bowl. It looks very presentable but tasted just average. All the places at Chelsea Market are very chic but the prices here tend to be a but higher. Maybe during winter this hot noodle would be a lot tastier but after getting full from the noodles and finding out all the other options I could've eaten at the other places, I regretted stopping here first.
5 Simply amazing. You can really taste the freshness. Of the noodle. The sauce was spiced very well. Very excellent favor - wasn't overpowering. It was just right. Beef was cooked well and pulled apart perfectly. It wasn't tough. I am definitely coming back again. Loved it!!!!
4 I've been dying to try this place for months and I finally got the chance to last night.   I had the tingly and spicy cumin lamb noodles (dry).  This place is definitely worth the hype. I don't do spicy so these definitely had my mouth on fire but sooo worth it. The noodles were soooo good and the lamb was very tasty. My boyfriend had the same thing but beef instead of lamb and it was also very good. The beef melts in your mouth.   For $12.95 it's a filling and very satisfying meal. I would definitely order it again just less spice if possible.  You also get to see the workers pull the noodles. All in all a very fun casual dining experience.
4 Wow.. very very spicy and numbing!! I got the dan dan noodles with pork and they weren't kidding on the menu when they said extremely spicy! It was unfortunately hard for me to finish the bowl because this was a spicy numbing level that I couldn't tolerate (and I love spicy food). The texture of the noodles was really good though - very chewy, like elastic and absorbs the sauce really well. I would be interested in trying out their non-spicy options!   The thai tea with boba is pretty good too - not overly sweet like how most places make it and the boba had a great soft/chewy texture to it. Excellent and quick service!
5 Last year of February 9, 2018 I came to Chelsea market to try the very fresh noodles! The raving reviews online on Yelp and Instagram it got me interested of trying them out and which I did.   I didn't know what to get because I don't know which was popular on the menu but that time at the register the guy walked me through the menu which was thoughtful and helpful that time.   My friend ordered beef and I ordered the lamb as I remember from last year. My first visit to very fresh noodles was phenomenal and fantastic experience.  I don't remember which noodle soup but their meat was chewy and the other one was so soft that I wished there was more.  Last year I asked for both of the noodles extra spicy which was so good even though it was Hooooot.The soup was so good that I wanted to get another one.  My last year experience with very fresh noodles it was excellent.  2 days later I will write a review again how was my experience on my 3rd visit.
4 Came here ordering for three. I ordered the spicy dry Vegan Mock Duck, my wife the spicy dry Tingly Cumin Lamb, and my daughter the mild Taiwanese Beef Noodle soup. Of course these all had hand made noodles that were entertainingly made by a master noodle maker right in front of us as we sat at the bar so we knew they were for real. All of the spicy dishes were truly spicy and every dish was really good. However, as pointed out by my wife, it is suspected that MSG is used in the making of the dishes since my wife is really sensitive to such things and walked away with an exceptionally dry throat. Hence why I only rated them 4 stars. If this is true I could only hope they would list this or remove it from their recipe all together.
5 Very delish, I had the lamb/noodle dish. It was super spicy but very good. A must try
5 Noodles were very yummy and very fresh, got Taiwanese beef soup, would highly recommend!
5 Within Chelsea market with limited seating options but plenty of tables to stand at while you eat. There was a decent line to order however; they have the ordering process down pretty well so the line moves quickly.   I ordered a bowl of the Spicy Dan Dan Noodles. The noodles were made fresh and were incredible. It was also one of the spiciest food items I have ever consumed in my life so not a good idea for someone who has an aversion to spicy food. The portion is generous and will find yourself walking away full.   Overall one of the best dishes I have ever eaten.
5 This little noodle shop inside the market is amazing. In my vlog detailed review here, youtube.com/watch?v=up2N…   First, you can see them make the fresh hand pulled noodles right as you order it and in front of your eyes. I ordered the taiwanese beef noodle soup, an iconic dish in taiwan, and it tasted absolutely amazing. The broth was full of umami and spice, fresh hand pulled noodles are amazing in texture, and it didn't take longer than 5 minutes for the food to come out after I ordered it during a busy saturday lunch time. Definitely will visit again and I know I will enjoy it.
5 Wow what can I say, amazing spicy noodles that you'll be hard pressed to find anywhere else, and really short wait times even at peak hours. Reasonable prices also for the spicy cumin lamb noodles which was I ate. They even provided more chilli at the tables in case you need more spiciness haha. If you're in Chelsea market be sure to stop by there, it won't disappoint.
5 This is the best noodle place I've ever been to. I got the cumin lamb. The lady behind me said they were well known for the dish, and the cashier advised me to get the soup version. It was a great choice! Well seasoned, tender lamb, and the noodles were impeccable! I loved watching the noodles being made while I ate -- it was fantastic. A bit expensive, but if you want some good food this is a great place!  I also got the tofu drink -- which was really good, had a chai latte kind of taste -- especially the tiny boba (not sure what they're called) at the bottom of the drink. I'm not a big fan of tofu, but this was also something that was surprisingly great!
5 GREAT SERVICE Got my food fast and hot, despite it being busy.  RECOMMEND THAI BUBBLE TEA Thai bubble tea was a great compliment to the noodle soup.   MILD SPICY WAS VERY MANAGEABLE  I loved the mild beef noodle soup. The spice level was very tolerable for someone who is very sensitive to spicy foods.
4 The quality of the noodles is pretty darn good. Very chewy (though not tough) with a good amount of elasticity. The Dan Dan Mien was spicy but bland. I thought the fried broadbeans were a pretty weird addition, I've never seen them in noodles anywhere in China. At first I thought it was fried garlic, which is a wonderful idea, but then you bite into it and it's just this weird crunchy stuff which adds no flavor to the dish. Cumin beef noodles were really delicious..... amazing flavor. However, it was also extraordinarily greasy. I could only eat half of the bowl in one sitting. The dish costs $13, which seems expensive for noodles but they give you a hell of a lot.    My guess is that the noodle soup is probably the best item on the menu, as you'd get the chewiness of the noodles and the cumin spice without all the excessive oil.
5 The popularity of this place is no secret... long lines. Pro-tip: make sure you're in the line for ordering and not the line of people waiting for the food. I have failed so you don't have to :)  Got the vegan mock duck dish. I asked the guy for his recommendation on dry vs soup and he said definitely soup.   It did not disappoint.   Very spicy, flavorful and full of noodles. Would definitely recommend pairing it with the Thai Milk Bubble tea - it balanced out the spicy soup perfectly!
5 I came here twice in a span of 1 hour because it was so tasty! That tofu drink OMG - drooling still thinking about it!   Located inside of Chelsea Market, there was no line or waiting on a Wednesday night around 6pm which was nice! My fiance and I were just strolling by and we decided to stop to get their tofu drink which also has sago, yummmm!   We got our drink and went on our way, but after finishing the drink we decided it was so good, we wanted another one! And then we thought - hey, let's try their noodles too! Best . Decision  . Ever .   We shared the Cumin lamb noodles and they did not disappoint! My fiance said they were probably the best hand pulled noodles, he's ever had! They were perfectly chewy and paired with the broth was such a tasteful delight!   10/10 would come back if I ever visit New York again!
3 Good, but only when craving beef noodle soup. There's a price differential because Very Fresh Noodles is located within Chelsea market and gets a lot of foot traffic.  It's also hard to get seats and really enjoy the meal. However, it's a plus that they don't skimp on the portions.
5 Located inside Chelsea Market where all the foodies go! There is very limited seating space mostly standing room or bar type seating. It is quick service, you order and within minutes your order will be ready!  If you are here,  you must order the Dan Dan Noodles if you like SPICY food and the spicy noodle soup.    The noodles are handmade which taste different from other noodle places. The Dan Dan Noodles is a dry noodle (no broth) it is very flavorful  and definitely spicy.  On the counter there is extra chili dry paste with black bean sauce if you want to make it hotter. The noodles soup came out nice a hot too. The noodle is a thicker type noodle. It is like everything is made fresh!! Seriously!
4 Quick service restaurant in Chelsea Market. This place always had a queue throughout our time there. The menu is limited but revolves around noodles (obviously) . There's a bar style seating where you can watch your noodles being prepared.   Ordered the Spicy noodles with Mock Duck. There were options for dry or soupy version, went with the dry one. When I saw the noodles for the first time, it looked delicious. But beneath the noodles was a load of chili oil. (These guys we're not messing around when they said Spicy). You definitely need something to wash down the spiciness. (In hindsight, should have taken the soup version maybe?). Couldn't finish the entire thing . Although the noodles were spicy, one thing I'd like to point out is that I didn't suffer from the after effects of all the oil and spice. Plus one for the quality.   Taro milk tea was needed but it was just okay. (With a ton of sugar of course). I've had better though. Visit this place if you're feeling adventurous!
5 A MUST!!! I kid you not, one of my favorite places in all of NY. If you are under the weather, if you're starving, if you're in the mood for soup, if you're in the mood for noodles. EVERYTHING! Very Fresh Noodles is stellar in every facet, customer service, time for food to get ready, taste literally everything. Reasonable price especially for the portion size. I'll say it again, a must.
4 * **Customer service: Let's start with where I take that big star rating off. They probably have one of the rudest female cashier I've encountered in the food industry. I get that it's busy, and she's probably had a long day, but she does not smile , no eye contact, and no pleasant greet in a nice manner as a customer would expect. I almost felt like she did not want us to order. But I disregarded her attitude because the place came highly recommended.
5 I one of the best noodles I have had thus far! I ordered the Taiwanese beef noodles. The broth is flavorful and the noodles are springy. Loved every bite!
5 Tingly cumin beef... incredible flavor on top of incredible flavor, with the very fresh noodle woven throughout the bowl. Must try!
5 These are the type of noods you want to receive. Some of the best food while I was in New York. If you want a fun show of noodle making magic, people watching and a happy belly, get your google maps out fam. Stop reading and go already!
1 I've only had the dan dan mian so far, but I wasn't a huge fan. The flavors just felt unbalanced. I love a fair amount of spice, but this noodle dish only tasted of spice - I missed the sweet and salty flavors that usually come with dan dan mian. I'm going to come back and try the soup noodles; maybe those will be more attuned to my personal taste.  Edit: I have spent all night with horrible stomach pain and this is the only thing I've eaten all day. I think it's the sheer amount of grease in the noodle dish. It's just too much. I hate giving a bad review, but this really did not live up to expectations and has instead been an overall unpleasant experience.
4 Yummy food at Chelsea market. I had the Tingly Lamb Noodles. Take the "tingly" name seriously! It was spicy but so good I had to keep eating. I love the flavors (spicy, cumin-y, beefy) and the texture (the chewy hand pulled noodles was fun to eat, and they some some crunchy things in their broth - pickled cabbage or something? that was very yummy).  There can be a wait to order. There are limited seatings available at the counter. The food got made really quickly. The staff are very friendly.
5 I crave these noodles every single day since the first time I had them. all you need is a rainy night and you go in and enjoy a bowl. I cannot tell you the difference it makes when the noodles are freshly made. you must try it yourself to taste the difference. MUST GO, MUST TRY! I cannot wait to go back there.
5 I came to type Chelsea Market and was looking for food. I saw a line here and thought this place is likely to be good. But I also think places have hype and many times don't live up to it. Not this place! I got the Tingly & Spicy Lamb as a soup. I had it today at about 9pm and right now it's almost 3am and I am still literally salivating thinking about it. I gotta go again tomorrow - well technically today. I brought the noodles downstairs to the Chelsea Music Hall for a comedy show and ate it down there. I had a group of 6 guys with me from work. They all tried and I don't know they are salivating right now but they were verbally expressive on how great it was. Oh and the guys that work there are super friendly, smiley, and good-humored like they like their jobs and life.
5 Very fresh noodles indeed! I always love when you can see your dish being prepared. Their menu is also concise, with a handful of dishes to choose from. Don't​ get me wrong I like variety but too many choices can be bad.   We got the Dan Dan noodle and the beef stew noodle, and I highly recommend​ both. The dan dan noodle has the thin noodle mixed with a ​ton of spice, cilantro​, fried flat bean, cucumber, and minced meat. The fried flat beans added the crunchy​ texture while the cucumber and scallion provided the fresh coolness to contrast the spiciness. The flavor and the texture of the noodle were on point!    The beef noodle has the wide noodle and topped with a ​GENEROUS amount of slow cooked beef. The meat was so tender it fall apart in your mouth. The soup was delicious - it tasted like they slow seamer it for days.   The price was extremely reasonable at Chelsea​ market. I can see the spot getting super busy during rush hours but the service is quick. The only downside​ is the limited sitting.   If I worked anywhere nearby​, this would 100% be my lunch spot for noodles!
5 Sooo good! Been to Asia and this is still hands down the best noodles I've had. Do yourself a favor and try it, especially if you dig spicy.
5 They literally have the best hand pulled noodle soup. I had both the lamb and beef and both were excellent! I strongly recommend getting both
5 OMG, the Tingly Lamb Noodles in soup are among THE BEST THINGS I'VE EVER EATEN.  And the Cleaver Smashed Cucumber Salad was equally delicious.  My wife stole so much of it that I had to go buy a second portion.  This is exactly what I expected, and hoped for, at Chelsea Market - where the Food Network is filmed.   Simply outstanding and delicious.
5 If I could give this place 6 stars I would, it was that memorable. The best noodles in all of New York City! For a vegetarian I'm sick of bland broths but here it's the opposite - yummy flavorful tangy broth. The spicy noodles are certainly spicy but I couldn't stop eating them. The price and portions are absolutely amazing! The staff are also very friendly and accommodating. I'll definitely be back.
5 Wow! Awesome!! Came here with friends after rave reviews, and it was absoluately amazing!   Original noodle in the dry-style and the vegetarian option: Absolutely delicious!! The noodles are chewy, thick, and long. We all agreed that these noodles would make any dish incredible! The sauce was a spicy mix of flavors, with toppings like pickled celery, cilantro, and veggie meat. This dish will definitely make you leave feeling full and satisfied  Dan Dan noodle, vegetarian version: Equally delicious! I only BARELY prefer this over the original noodles, but this was sooooooo good. Same kind of noodles, but these are thinner and look almost like spaghetti noodles in terms of size and width. The sauce was peanutty and was complemented with thinly sliced cucumbers.   All in all, you need to come to this place and try everything you can! You won't regret it!
5 Love this place! The Dan Dan noodles are the best I've ever had. I'm obsessed. They are really spicy so be careful! Please open a location in midtown ASAP!
4 Perfectly chewy, very fresh noodles! You have to love a place who's name is straight to the point with a honest matching product.   I don't usually like lamb bc of the gaminess, but the cumin lamb noodle here (dry style) was just, perfect. The flavor is a pure mild lamb taste and the cumin goes perfect with the mixed greens and noodles. Forewarning though, it was salty.   The classic beef noodle soup is hearty and there is a generous serving of tender beef chunks, along with a few pieces of bok choy. Get it spicy. Take your heartburn pill beforehand. It's worth it.   Downside: Everything is served in disposable plastic bowls, with plastic spoons. Hopefully the owners will choose to change to reusable materials in the future.
3 Wanting for hot soup on this cold day and this solved the craving.   Be ready for a stand up dining when you come in. Noodles come in different hotness level. Lots of meat included. The serving is huge. I was not able to finish but surprised how good  they packed my take out.    Pricing is a bit high for me.   It maybe the fave among on this  Chelsea corner as the wait was long.
5 Wifey and I were visiting from S. Florida. We ended up at Chelsea's market after being dropped of by our Uber to go to a noodle restaurant across the street. We heard so many good things about Chelsea's that we had to go in and that's where my life was ruined, we found Very Fresh Noodles. There was a large crowd waiting and watching a guy making some thick noodles that could very well end up in my bowl of soup and I was done. Not only were those guys back there funny, but great with the crowd (lunch and a show). The soup was awesome! The broth, the spice, the texture, it was all great. I'm big on Pho in South Florida because we don't have anything like VFNoodles down here. Needless to say, I haven't had a single bowl of it since we got back because VFN ruined it for all of them, and we have a lot of Vietnamese Pho restaurants down here.(look it up) All and all the soup was the best I've ever had and it's gonna be hard to beat living in South Florida. Thanks VFN, keep up the good work.
5 I'm obsessed with this place.  The what dan dan noodle and smashed cucumber salad I've ever had.  Wish they would Open more locations !!!!
1 I've seen such good reviews for this place, which makes me so upset to say I really didn't like it.   I've  been here previously, but in the past still didn't like the food. I figured I'd give it another try since most people rave about this place. My fiancé and I ordered the vegan mock duck soup, and it was wayyy too spicy and sour. Even more than the previous time I've had the soup. The noodles were also undercooked and soggy. It's unfortunate that we both couldn't even finish half the bowl.   Really wish I asked for a refund, because my money was wasted! Didn't help that the cashier was unfriendly and also forgot to give us our drinks ordered.
5 Loved it! It was delicious and even though there is always a long line, they have a good system to keep it moving fast. Just a heads up their "mild" version is spicy enough!
5 The noodle soup here is amazing! I wish they have a standalone shop in the city because the Chelsea Market can get so packed. I usually don't want to make the trip out here on the weekend but their signature lamb noodle soup is super delicious and totally worth pushing through the crowd for. The broth is super flavorful packed with layers of spice, herbs, and cumin. The noodles are super fresh (hence the name) and are hand pulled for each order. This gives the noodles a bouncy texture that feels amazing when you bite into it. If there is space, I would highly recommend sitting by the counter. It is entertaining to see the chef pulling the noodles as you eat and really adds to the experience!
5 This noodle place is 5/5. I've been wanting to try this place for awhile now but it was definitely worth the wait.   I ordered the Beef Noodle Soup and the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian. The beef noodle soup is so good. I love the thick noodles that they use and the flavors are something I've never tasted before. The beef is also chewy and tender.   The Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian is the one I was surprised about. I normally can't eat much spicy food so when my brother said he was going to order it I said okay but I probably won't eat any. This dish is spicy and has a kick of spicy flavor when you eat it but it's so addicting. I don't normally like spicy food because I'm just in pain eating the dish and can't even remember the taste of what I'm eating because it's so spicy. The Dan Dan Mian is so spicy but the flavors are delicious. I was so full but I kept eating the noodles.   Both of these dishes are worth trying!!! I had a very enjoyable experience and definitely will be back if I come to NY in the near future.
5 This place has stolen my heart. As good as it gets. I love love love a good Dan Dan Noodle and this place nails it. Tingly, hot, complex. None of that peanut butter noodles BS you get at some other americanized joints. I have also had the Tingly Cumin lamb with the hand pulled biang biang noodles, just as amazing.   Kudos to these guys, I could not imagine putting the hard work to create such incredible fresh food in an expensive rent area just to have someone like Reba H, who's only merit is being a Yelp Elite, whatever the hell that mean call your establishment sketchy because you demanded a refund because your taste buds are broken. What a crock. Sorry I'm ranting.
5 Yummmmmmm very spicy Dan Dan noodles  the bomb   def a worth trying but not for faint hearted
5 Food is good. But seats are very limited. Of course,  it is not a table service place which is understandable. However, They should info their customers should not harass people who are still having dinner there for seating and stay in line while waiting instead bothering people. If they could possibly change the layout of pickup area, please do it. Locating the pickup area in middle of the seats is really a hustle. Had dinner here twice, it could be great experience without harassments from other customers.  PS. If you choose to eat somewhere without table service, it is a common sense to wait instead harassing for seating. If you can't wait, please understand you pay for table service for reason.  Update: Thank them for fast response of the pickup issue.
3 I've had noodles twice here now. The first time I tried the spicy lamb and the second time, I had the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Can't remember the first time too well but I do remember the flavors being on point and even though I don't like lamb, this one was enjoyable and tasty.   Recently, I went to get a beef noodle soup for lunch since I had an appt at the Apple store and also cause I was feeling slightly under the weather and I wanted hot soup. I thought the noodles were too doughy and didn't have enough chew, soup was oily and while the beef was tender and falling apart, it was also flavorless.  But the ppl that work there are ALWAYS friendly!
4 Very Fresh Noodles speaks for itself. You get very fresh noodles. The line can get randomly long or exceptionally short so it's hard to predict when to go.  Located in Chelsea Market, this is a pretty popular spot for spicy noodles. I'm a fan of their Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup given it's one of my favorite dishes ever. Get it spicy, you won't regret it. Or if it's not spicy, it's probably still good. The spicy dan dan noodles are also really good but it's really heavy so I don't imagine being able to finish it on your own. Also note, the spicy dan dan noodles are spicy in the mala sense, so it will numb your mouth. Either way, you will enjoy it. You might hurt a little, but you will enjoy it regardless.  There are only 4 noodle dishes to choose from so panic ordering is easier. But honestly, everything on the menu is good so eat up!
5 Amazing! It's really hard to find legit biang biang noodles, named for the sound when pulling and slapping the dough against a counter. Here, in the midst of busy Chelsea Market, was a surprise gem!  Super fast line, great options (can get noodles dry or with soup) and a variety of bubble tea drinks, and you can watch the noodles getting pulled and smacked and thrown into a pot. Delicious and having bottles of vinegar on the counter always a plus!
4 3.5 ROUNDED UP. This place has pretty solid noodle dishes. I got the beef noodle soup - it can be a bit oily and maybe hard to finish it all, but the freshly made noodles have nice, chewy consistency and the beef is meaty. However, I must warn DO NOT get their milk tea/boba drinks. They did not taste right and the pearls were flavorless and hard to chew. Coming from the west coast this was definitely one of the lower end quality milk teas. Still, the line is not that bad and the noodles are indeed very fresh.
5 Was very impressed with this place!! The noodles are made fresh daily and for your food order. The only thing that the spice was a bit much especially with the peppercorns and a bit on the oily side. Other than that I loved everything about this place and the food.   Ordered the Dan Dan Noodles & the beef brisket noodle soup. This place had the best Dan Dan noodles compared to any other places I've tried. The beef brisket noodle soup was good as well. Flavors for both was perfect. I also loved how chewy the noodles tasted. That's how you know it's good and fresh! I will definitely be back to this place when I am back in New York.
5 That must be the best noodle I've ever tried in USA. I ordered beef noodle and dan dan mian. The beef noodle is fairly good, I might not be the good evaluator though, since I never tried Taiwanese beef noodle before. But what I can say is that the beef is very soft and tasty, the handmade noodle is as good as that in China. It's traditional and classic in my taste. Dandanmian is the bestest noodle! It's Asian spicy spicy. But its sweet balanced its spicy. Would order it again and again
5 I was skeptical going in, being that this is in bougie Chelsea Market, but crap, y'all, this was my favorite spot in NYC that I've been to up to this point. Noods were of a great texture, broth was so flavorful and stocked with rich meat and complimentary veggies, and the whole dang bowl (spicy la mei, $12.86) was enough for two of us. Not to mention the coffee with tapioca ($4.13) - I've been wanting to have that forever and it did not disappoint. Tasted like straight-up espresso and condensed milk with brown-sugar sweet pearls, and it was perfect. The shop itself is cute and in a crowded area, and maybe that's the only downside - seating is hard to find, and we were lucky to grab a couple spots. Idk, be aggressive. Do it for the noods. People will understand.
4 Delightful noodles!    We ordered the dry tingly cumin lamb and the la mei Taiwanese beef noodle soop and a bubble tea beverage.    1. The beef, swimming in the beef noodle soup was so tender and delicious.  It was flavorful and likely the best cut of beef I have had in a long time.  I highly encourage that you get the beef noodle soup.    2. The Cumin lamb was flavorful and had the same texture noodles.  It was very good, but I must say I prefer the cumin lamb at Xian.  This one was a bit too oily for me.    A friendly reminder not to eat this the following day as the noodles were gooey and soaked with oil as leftovers.    The prices were a bit high, but this is knowing that I have had proper beef noodle soup in Taiwan, which is a fraction of this price.  If you do stop by, definitely have the beef noodle soup.
5 I got the Taiwanese Beef Noodle and it was BOMB AF. I've been to Chelsea on many occasions, but I was just too full to try Very Fresh Noodles back when they were at their old smaller booth. I didn't have high expectations for their new bigger location, but I was SO impressed. The soup was on point and the noodles were thin yet chewy. The BEEF was SO TENDER, the vegetables so crisp and fresh- writing this review makes me eat it again!
5 Chelsea Market is one of the coolest places we've visited here!  But the highlight of the entire market is this place.  If you're in town you must try the immense flavors of this wonderful establishment.  Unfortunately, there is very limited seating.  But once you are able to sit down and enjoy the glorious food from here, you will realize just how amazing this food is.  The noodles are amazing and the broths have just a nice kick of the chili sauce that adds a smooth, spicy layer to the flavors.  I also had an iced coffee boba concoction that was amazing.  The best part of eating this food was people walking by and asking where we got such good smelling and good looking food!
5 4.5 rounded up! I ordered the Hand-pulled noodles were very delicious and authentic! The meat was tender and fatty- I couldn't get enough. The broth, the most important part of any noodle stew, was perfectly spicy. We got the SoyMilk with Red Bean on the side- very unique and refreshing.  This place is worth trying for sure if you're in the area!
5 Perhaps the best noodle in NYC. It's our monthly-restaurants, whenever we are craving for noodle, this is the place we go. If you are going ok Sunday's, before 11:30 am would consider the best time with minimum wait time. The Lamb noodle soup is better than the beef noodle soup, but the beef of one of its kind. Solution? Order two!
5 Delicious, spicy, tingly and flavorful. Spicy and tingly lamb pulled noodles in soup are such a treat! The noodles have nice plump and firm texture while the lamb came in plenty of slices, rather than ground meat. It was topped with fresh herbs for a satisfying meal.
3 I've always passed by this stall in chelsea market and it always has a long line so today I decided to check out the hype. Igor the spicy vegan noodles in broth. The noodles are very fresh and chewy, the vegetable pairings go perfectly. But the broth itself was wayyy too salty, at least for me. It masked all the other flavors which were all competing for a place in the spotlight hogged by the salt. The noodles when taken out of the broth retain a nice flavor, so I would recommend trying the dish dry.
5 I have waited so long to eat this!!! Noodles were freshly made and so chewy and the flavo wasn't too spicy!!!! Broth was so flavorful and the beef brisket was the right amount of soft!!! I am definitely coming back :)
5 I hate eating meals at Chelsea Market- there's no seats and you have to eat at communal tables. But my friend convinced me that Very Fresh Noodles was worth it... And it was! The noodle texture was one of the most perfect noodles I've ever had. Perfectly chewy. The broth was on point. The meat? So tender. And the service? So fast.  10/10 would suffer to eat at Chelsea again :-)
5 Ate here not knowing about the hype. It was one of the best bowls of lamb broths I have ever had. Very rich and complex flavor, tender meat and hand pulled noodles. Subtle Sichuan peppercorn flavor that is not very spicy or overpowering. I normally love extra spicy but this was just perfect for the flavor. No wait on a Friday afternoon around 3pm.
5 Deliciously hand pulled noodles in savory broths and melt in your mouth beef!  You get to watch them pull noodles while you wait for your order. I'd suggest sending a friend to find some table space while the other orders the food.  I don't usually do well with spicy broths so I ordered the mild which still had a good kick. I thought the best part would be the fresh noodles but it was the incredibly tender beef that had me. The combination of it all was perfect.  We also ordered some "taho" I don't know what it was actually called but that's what us Filipino folks call it lol it had tapioca on it with dried ginger and cinnamon noms  Overall, worth the wait!
3 I had the Tingly Cumin Lamb noodles during my first visit here, and overall, I was not really impressed with the quality and taste given the hype. Every time I pay a visit to Chelsea Market, there is always a heap of customers at Very Fresh Noodles, so I thought I'd give it a try to see what its all about.  Upon ordering at the register, you can wait along side the counter and see the chefs hand-pulling and slapping strands of dough to make the noodles. They then throw in some peppercorns, celery and cilantro, cuts of lamb with some soup base. Before trying out the noodles, I had a sip of their soup base. I feel as though the "numbing" sensation described on their menu was exaggerated. I barely felt any numbing in my mouth and on my tongue. They could've added a tad bit more peppercorns to give that sensation. The lamb, on the other hand was pretty decadent. It tasted fresh and well prepared. Their noodles were nice and chewy. You also have the option of having your noodles with soup or without (dry).  Overall, I think this place is overhyped. My meal wasn't bad, but it certainly was not the best bowl of noodles that I've ever had. I'd suggest heading over to Xian's Famous Foods for their Cumin Lamb noodles, which will also set you back a few dollars less compared to here.
4 Not a bad experience! It was fun watching them hand pull the noodles. We got the Spicy Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. Was a good meal, but not out of this world. Broth was decent, beef was tender, and (obviously) the noodles were the star.   Overall, not something worth going out of your way nor waiting over 30 minutes in line for. But if you're in the Chelsea Market, give it a try.
5 Located in the Chelsea Market and near the Highline; has a shared communal eating area.  Very Fresh Noodles name says it all.  The noodles are made on the premises and the food is fresh and decent portions.  They also have Vegan options.  The staff are extremely friendly and patient.  The pricing is decent.
5 I love very fresh noodles !!!!!!!  The type of noodles that they make is my absolute favorite kind of noodle that exists in any kind of noodle making in the world! I have wanted to go in and try these noodles for a while because I wanted to try their vegan/vegetarian noodle dish. I went into their Chelsea market location on a Wednesday afternoon and got my order in only a few short minutes of suspense between meet and being on handpulled noodle heaven. They were delicious,warm, spicy, chewy, and everything I could of imagined them to be. I Love the texture of the noodles and how long and full of flavor they are. I also love that this location is only steps away from the high line so you are able to grab some noodles and head up to eat then with a great view on the high line while they still stay popping hot. I will be back !
5 This is my go-to noodle place when I am at Chelsea! When they say very fresh noodles, they mean VERY fresh. The noodles were not only authentic but they were extremely flavorful. I have tried both the spicy dan-dan (I got the vegan option) and the mock duck noodles. I personally enjoyed the mock duck but only because with the dan-dan, they really are spicy and after a while it can get overwhelming. One downside is that the noodles can be a little heavy on the oil, but that is the main reason they are so flavorful.   Lines are long but they work really fast so expect food within 15-20min. There is no seating except in the general area, so it is more of a grab and go kind of place unless you find a seat nearby.   Overall, I highly recommend!
5 This is a must have if in NY. Just get the Taiwanese beef noodle soup and prepare to have your taste buds blown away.  Such high quality and healthy broth. Such high quality, tender beef.  The noodles are the perfect texture and thickness.  Tastes like Its from the markets in Tainan. Very authentic, very delicious.
5 I have been following Very Fresh Noodle on IG for a year. I am so glad I finally made to Chelsea Market to try their noodles.   I love lamb so naturally I had to try the Tingly Cumin Lamb while my friend had the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup.   Delicious delicious delicious!! I think you guys need to open a spot in Hawaii!! Please!   The flavors are amazing!! The noodles so soft yet with texture. This is definitely a place you have to try.
5 Located within the Chelsea Market, NY. i heard that this was a must try spot and boy were people right! I ordered the Tingly Cumin Lamb with soup. It was super flavourful and definitely has a kick of spicy which I really enjoyed. The staff there were fun and interactive, singing along to the music while serving their customers made my experience enjoyable and wish I had more time to stay and eat my food but I had to take it to go. I highly recommend and would come back again myself!
5 Very Fresh Noodles has quite a presence on Instagram with tons of pictures of their food. So, naturally, on a recent trip to New York I had to make my way over to Chelsea Market to finally give them a try.  The noodles here definitely taste as good as they look. Portions are huge, too.  My wife and I both got the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian noodles with ground pork and they were excellent. I got them dry (no soup broth) on this first visit so it basically is a supersized portion of thin, lo-mein style noodles with plenty of pork and other veggie mix-ins with the hot chili oil bringing the heat.   I did not think the heat was overpowering, which is key. Spicy hot and tasty is much better than pure fire and heat because then you don't taste any of the ingredients in the dish due to the excess heat. Very Fresh hits just the right note on the balance you want.  Believe the hype on Very Fresh. It's true.
4 This place is inside Chelsea Market. The market was crowded at the time I went. I had to wait for a while to get a seat. In the counter there was a lady pulling noodles, which was entertaining. La Mei Taiwanese beef noodle soup was the best. I took the spicy version. But it was not spicy enough for me. Internally they have a spicier version which is not in the menu. May be next time I will go for that. Tingly cumin lamb was good too, but less spicier than I expected. The noodle was thick, cheese and long which is very different from noodles in other places.
5 BEST. NOODLE. PLACE. EVER.   Even though seating is very limited, it's freaking worth it. We got the soup and the spicy noodle (can't remember the name) but holy goodness. It's amazing. I've never eaten anything like it. You can watch the guy make the noodles fresh and than legit serves it to you after he threw it around in the air!   Highly recommend this place in Chelsea Market. I went on a Tuesday, so the crowd was slower but I saw it on a Saturday and said hell no. That's how you know it's good. People (me) are willing to stand and eat spicy ass noooods.
4 A must try according to everyone I know who's ever stepped foot into Chelsea Market. I've been turned off by the thick hand drawn noodle trend since a not great experience at Xi'an Famous Foods (I know, fight me). But I am pleased to say that Very Fresh Noodles has changed my mind.  We went around 1pm on a Saturday and the line stretched around the corner but it does go by surprisingly fast. You order and pay at the counter and they'll give you a number that they'll call out when your order is ready. The real challenge is finding a place to sit and eat your noodles once you get them. There are tons of seating areas in Chelsea Market besides just the food court so we were able to snag seats even on a busy Saturday.  I got the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup and also tried my friend's Cumin Lamb noodles. The soup was rich and bursting with flavor and the noodles were able to soak it up without becoming soggy. The beef was tender and literally melts in your mouth. The cumin lamb was also incredibly flavorful with just the right about of tingly spiciness.
5 Oh my goodness. This place lives up to the hype! I was in New York for the weekend and have been wanting to try this place out. Everytime I come, the line is always wrapped around. This time, there was a super short no existent line! Of course I had to stop. I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup to share with my friend. Ordering was simple and quick. You can see the chefs prepping the noodles which is really cool to watch. The wait for the soup was very quick as well.   Oh my goodness (again). Best. Beef noodle soup. Ever. The noodles were so perfectly prepared and cooked. The texture was unlike any other. The broth was bursting with so much flavor and just the right amount of spice where I was not dying/crying. The beef was so tender and just melted in your mouth. I would definitely wait in line for this bowl and the price is not that bad either! Make sure to stop by!!
3 Eeeeesh-- ummm I wasn't a fan.  I came here because @stirandstyle loved it and my sister really wanted to try it as well.   We ordered the vegan option (comes with vegan duck!) soupy and dry. They made our food super quickly- like, impressively quick. Then we sat down to eat.   The dry version had way too much sauce and wasn't palatable for me. It was just way overbearing and not that tasty.   The soup version was better- but still, not my favorite. I also wish they would put the spice on the side- or make it less spicy.   Not my favorite- but it was fun to try!
4 This is a must if visiting New York. The noodles are made right there as you're waiting to order and the flavor was perfect and spicy. Finding a spot to sit and eat was probably the most difficult part but best if you go with someone else cause then one can stand in line and the other can look for a place to sit or stand to eat the noodles at.
5 Dan. Dan. Mf'ing.  Noodles.  That's what's up.  I ordered the Cumin lamb soup and the Dan Dan mf'ing noodles.   It's almost always promising when you see a person making noodles fresh right in front of you.   When I ordered, the lady at the counter asked me if I was familiar with their Dan Dan noodles.   Probably because I'm white and the noodles are spicy.   But I'm the kind of person that lives for super spicy things.  My gf: not so much.  She loved her first bite, but after bite 3, she was literally rubbing her lips on my cold can of Diet Coke.  So, if you don't like spicy, stay away as they will not (nor should they) modify the spicy level of this dish.  The cumin lamb soup was great.  The broth was very rich and full of lamb goodness.  Lamb pieces were shaved thin and the amount of cumin was not overpowering.   The wide noodles in the soup were great.  But those Dan Dan noodles.   Holy shit.   Everything in this dish worked.   Ground pork, fresh thin noodles, green onion, fried bean slices, julienned cucumber, chile oil.   Every bite of this dish was what you want.   You should come here just for this dish.  This place is easily one of the breakaway food places of the Chelsea market.
5 Came here during my quick trip to NYC while searching for a late night spot to eat. Landed at Very Fresh Noodle since I was really craving a warm bowl of noodles during a pretty rainy day. The place was a little hard to find in the Chelsea market since Google took me to the wrong place but I eventually wandered my way there. After debating for a while I ended up ordering the Spicy Cumin Lamb Noodle Soup and decided to sit at the bar to watch the assembly. I loved watching the chefs hand pull the noodles and cook my dish right there. My order came out really quickly and I dug in. Seriously this bowl of noodles was amazing. The broth had a deep rich flavor. Noodles were perfectly springy and they give you ample amounts of lamb. It was the perfect amount of spice also. At first I thought the bowl looked a little small but I quickly realized that the noodles really fill you up. Such a good deal and would absolutely come back if I find myself back in New York again.
5 so yummy! i've had alot of chinese noodle soup in my day and despite the hefty $15 price tag, the lamb cumin noodle soup was incredible. the broth was something like i've never tasted before, they use celery in their broth and it had such a great thick savory flavor.  noodles were nice and chewy and you get to watch them hand stretch the noodles.  they've got vegan noodle soup too.
5 Wow! The cucumber salad is to die for!! Also the vegan "duck" noodle soup is wow! So amazing & big portions - could split for 2 depending on your stomach
5 Had a spiritual connection to (and a sexual awakening from) these noodles. They're that good. I had the tingly beef with soup. The broth had at least 5 layers of spice and flavor. They're not fucking around. The beef was fork-tender and fatty. The noodles were fresh AF. I had the same dish from Xi'An and much preferred VFN.
3 I should disclose that I was born in Taiwan, and though I moved here when I was 8, I visit almost every 2-3 years and had a good share of native Taiwanese beef noodle soup for as long as I can remember.  I walked to the Chelsea Market for lunch at 2PM on Saturday and it was packed, as expected.  I walked around pondering what to eat and eventually settled to wait in line at Very Fresh Noodles.  The line was lone but service was fast.  While waiting in line, I could see the person making the la mein, hand pulled noodle, and my observations are as follows:  1. people making food should really wear a mask or they shouldn't talk because who know what's flying out of their mouth 2. his skills looked good, but not good enough, because the noodles are not pulled to event width but he still put it in the water  I received my noodle soup within 10 minutes but had a difficult time finding a seat.  I finally decided to be at a standing table with 6 other people.  Looking around, I was glad I didn't order the spicy one because it looked VERY spicy.    For me, the extra extra thick uneven noodle was not consistent, but at least the texture was nice and chewy.  The meat was nice and tender, but the soup was a bit too salty for me.  The amount for food for $16 was not bad, but the size of the noodles really bothered me.
5 So here it is, I live in Maine. I often dream about these noodles. Yes they are that good. Yes there is a line. Get in it! Now! The Beef shank noodles are great.
4 Yummmmm! Snack before the real meal for us! We got the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup & it's nothing less than great! In Chelsea Market for anyone wondering
5 After walking through the Chelsea Market for the first time I finally chose to have lunch at Very Fresh Noodles. Great choice! I loved being able to watch the noodles being made. I had the mock duck dry dish because a local told me it was least spicy. However, it was still pretty spicy but not unbearable. I had a great experience and would definitely go back!
4 I was surprised to find so many vegan options, especially for such a short menu. I got the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian, which I was warned to stir thoroughly before eating. Other than being heavy on oil, this was super tasty, spicy, and fresh. I thought it was too pricey for takeout when I ordered, but this was a ton of food! I was stuffed halfway through and saved the rest for lunch the next day.
4 This place is amazing. They make the noodles right in front of you and then you get a great soup with amazing Asian flavors. Only be aware of the long line the place usually has, it might take a while for you to get the food. It's totally worth the waiting, though.
5 first off, the staff here are very personable! the man behind the counter complimented my mother's beanie and he talked to us while we waited for our food. the noodles were hand pulled right in front of us which added to the overall experience. our food came out pretty fast despite the amount of people waiting. i've never eaten a noodle with that texture, the closest word to describe it would be tender. it soaked up all of the delicious taiwanese broth, which had a slight saltiness that i loved! the cucumbers were garlic-y and a bit spicy. the crispness of them created a great contrast with the soft noodles. also, i've been craving that grass jelly drink for such a long time but could never find it for some reason. it went perfectly with everything we ordered  next time i'm in new york, i will definitely visit again! 10/10 would recommend to a noodle lover.
4 Very quick service - less than 2 minutes to hand me my order. Had the spicy lamb noodles, which were pretty good: the noodles have a very dough-like texture (makes sense since they're hand-pulled right in front of you) and the soup and lamb were very flavorful. A good lunch spot in Chelsea Market!
4 I'm not sure what I expected when I walked into Very Fresh Noodles, but this restaurant blew me away. I did take off one star because it's insanely difficult to find seats (especially consecutive seats) during dinner time, but this place is incredible - you MUST give it a try if you're in the Chelsea Market area. I'm not an expert on New York Chinese food, but I had always thought of Xi'An famous foods as the most delicious (mainstream) Chinese food New York had to offer. Well, Very Fresh Noodles blows the competition right out of the water.   My boyfriend and I ordered the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup (spicy) and the Cleaver-Smashed Cucumbers (sweet chili, garlic and soy sesame vinaigrette) as well as their Thai Bubble Tea. The bubble tea was mediocre so I won't focus on that, but the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup was incredibly authentic, savory, and captured the umami essence without tasting like a sodium bomb. On the side, they included a healthy dose of bok Choy and pickled mustard greens, which contributed to the diversity of textures and flavors present in the dish. The beef was high-quality, tasty, and amazingly tender without disintegrating the moment it hit your tongue. Their beef isn't the standard sliced beef that Chinese/Taiwanese restaurants usually use in their noodle soups, if you know what I'm referring to. The broth pulled all the ingredients together, creating a wonderfully rich experience. In my opinion, the noodles were a tad doughy, but I just prefer noodles that are on the less thick side. Finally, the spicy level was perfect - enhancing the dish but not completely overwhelming it with peppercorn essence.  The Cleaver-Smashed Cucumbers is a terrific side. They are generous with their portion of cucumbers, and it's seasoned well. Personally, cucumbers aren't typically the first vegetable I reach for, but these cucumbers were spicy and bursting with flavor.   I hope to come back whenever I'm in the Chelsea area and would absolutely recommend to everyone else :) Coupled with the fact that the prices are comparatively cheaper to what's around, I see no reason not to give them a try!
5 Out of all the food options in Chelsea Market this is one you don't want to miss out on!   On a cold winter day this was something that really hits the spot. My boyfriend and I got the Taiwanese Beef Noddle Soup to share and the portion size was perfect for the both of us (we had other eateries at Chelsea we wanted to go to). The hand pulled noodles were thick and chewy and the beef was so tender and flavorful. The broth was deliciously packed with spices and overall it was a well balanced soup noodle. I also ordered the Coffee Milk Tea without tapioca. The coffee used was strong but was still tasty nonetheless. They have other bubble tea drinks in addition to soft drinks on the menu.  The ambiance of the place was nice because it was located in a section of Chelsea Market where there are windows that allow for natural lighting to come in. There is an awesome neon sign hanging above some of the counter space which I loved. There's limited counter space seating and at the time I went it was extremely packed. However, we were still able to find a table where we can stand and enjoy the food. Add this spot to your food tour of Chelsea Market, you won't regret it!
4 Tingly & spicy cumin beef (ordered it dry) - $13  Wow, I'm a fan! This dish is definitely better than Xi'an Famous Food! I think I've found my new favorite biang biang noodle spot in NYC! I came at around 4pm on a weekday and was surprised there there wasn't a line! There were several people at the counters eating their noodles, but nothing like what I'd expected from reading previous reviews!  I ordered the tingly & spicy cumin beef and ordered it dry because I wanted it saucy more than soupy. I'm so glad I ordered it dry! It was perfectly delicious! The hand-pulled noodles were nice and chewy! The portion was a lot. Before eating, be sure to mix the bowl well. A lot of the meat is at the bottom. After finishing the bowl of noodles, I was too full to even think about order tacos from Los Tacos No. 1! LOL!!!  I enjoyed sitting at the counter and watching the biang biang noodles being made!  I absolutely can't wait to come back to NYC and have another bowl of tingly & spicy cumin beef noodles!! :)
5 Very Delicious Noodles. :) I had the tingly cumin lamb which was very good.  The options are reasonably priced for the amount of food they give you. Staff was friendly as well. Definitely going back. Just wish they had chairs, not just standing tables.
4 Very solid.    Just before noon on a weekday my order took only minutes to prepare and there was plenty of seating.  Staff is very warm and friendly.  I went with the spicy & tingly lamb noodle soup.  I found the portion size to be very generous, especially in comparison to many of its rivals in the area.  The broth was deep in flavor, filled with lots of meat and noodles and fresh herbs - again, more so than other restaurants in the NY/BK area.  The only thing missing is more of the mala or tingling.  The dish was well spiced, but not very spicy.  All in all, a great lunch.  It's hard to want to comeback to this area based on the volume of tourists, but if I'm around and hungry, I would consider stopping in.
5 Just moved back to NYC from living in Asia for 2 years. To be fair, I live in Brooklyn and don't frequent Chinese places that much but this was THE BEST noodles I've had since Asia. Lamb Biang Biang noodles were amazing and the Dan Dan is super spicy but delish. My friend had the Beef Noodle Soup and also loved it. Line was long when we went but moved pretty fast. Highly recommend!
5 The Dan Dan were super spicy but tasted amazing & very authentic. One of the best noodle dishes I've ever had in NY
3 Way too oily for my taste, flavours were only ok. Employees could have been friendlier. Wait time and cost are what I expected. Unfortunately this place is Definitely overhyped.
2 Pretty disappointed with this place considering the great reviews it gets. The overall food is alright but what lowers it to 2 stars is the wait time, location, and price.  The food itself is alright. I got the Spicy tingly lamb soup. The broth was alright but I didn't really taste much except spice and it was a tad bit too oily. The lamb was pretty good but there wasn't much of it. The noodles were also ok but some of them were extra thin and thus were a bit soggy. The place tries to do the illusion that it gives you big portions but this is simply not true. The amount of noodles in the soup is average but they really skimp on the meat. They just use a bigger bowl and give you a bit more soup and pile on some cabbage to make it look bigger.  What is bad about this place is the wait time, price, and location. Wait time was around 10 minutes to get an order and 10 minutes to get my food. After I got my food it was really hard to find a seat. Most people had to stand while eating and I was really lucky to find a seat after 5 minutes. The last bad part is the price. An average bowl of noodle soup simply shouldn't cost 14 dollars.   A couple of extra good things about this place is the service and the decor. The employees are extremely nice and they are also very friendly, helpful and energetic. The decor of this place is also pretty nice.
5 The biang biang noodles are out of this world and the highlight. Because they are hand-pulled, they vary in thickness over the length of the noodle. This makes each bite a little surprising -- in a good way! We had the tingly cumin lamb which was spicy but not in a hot/overwhelming way, and the mock duck soup, which was really rich and delicious despite its vegan broth. If we got it again we would probably skip the mock duck and ask for extra mushrooms, since the texture of the duck wasn't perfect for us. But man were the noodles and broth delicious. Great on this cold day!
4 Great! I've tried the:   1. Taiwanese Beef noodle soup: It's soupy, it's spicy, the noodles are perfect to the bite, and the meat is tender and flavorful. This soup is perfect after a long day in the cold. The portion size is also very big, so definitely worth the price you pay. LOVED IT!  2. Tingly Cumin Beef Noodles (Dry): I wasn't a fan of the tingly feeling. I'm accustomed to spice and have a pretty high tolerance, but this tingle was just uncomfortable. The noodles were also swimming in spicy oil so that was pretty unappetizing. Definitely did not sit well in my stomach. Meat was tender and the flavors were great; but the oil, tingle and overall mouth feel of the dish was not my favorite. DID NOT LOVE IT :(   Overall, I'd definitely recommend them. Their service is extremely fast and the employees are friendly. Worth a visit.
4 I had the Tingly Cumin Beef dry style. Overall, the noodles were the perfect texture and the beef was insanely tender. I found the dish to be more tingy than smokey from the cumin. The only downside was the amount of cilantro, which was the most prevalent flavor. Perhaps this could be lessened by requesting the additional cilantro garnish be excluded. For those who have a sensitive stomach, the amount of oil might make you uncomfortable.
4 Hey there! I had the dan dan. It had great tasty flavors and really springy chewy fresh noodles, but with exception to the noodles the whole preparation was thoroughly inedible because it was way too salty. Love salt. Love soy. Love ma la. But this was unfortunate. There was enough salty pork and salty sauce leftover for two more servings of noodles. Upset my stomach so now I'm working this review after the very unpleasant fact. Take it easy on the dan dan sauce! Take it easy on my tummy! Thanks!
5 I'll set the scene: I'm taking 2 friends from out of town on a little stroll through Chelsea Market after we'd walked the High Line. We're cold, and more in need of coffee than anything else. We pass by Very Fresh Noodles and notice the absurdly long line, commenting on how it's kind of ridiculous. I say, "I'm gonna check out their menu" and walk to the front of the line to grab one. My friends follow. We sit there for several minutes, eyes skimming menus, taking in the snapping noises of hand pulling noodles and the overwhelming scent of chili and wheat and broth washing over us. Our eyes meet over the menus. "I guess we're getting in line" we say.   Oh wow, was it worth it to wait in line. We got the spicy Dan Dan mien noodles and the vegan noodles with mock duck. Both were just *kisses fingers*. The noodles were fresh and chewy and the flavors were complex and delicious. The spicy dan Dan mien weren't very spicy, but they did provide an excellent lip-tingle, and that's really the best part of eating spicy food, anyways. The sauce they were in was rich and savory. Also, the vegan noodles were indistinguishable from a meat noodle. Those thick noodles were flawless in both texture and taste, and the sauce they were in was peppery and delicious. I'd wait in line a million more times to eat here.
5 Ordered the lamb cumin noodles, the spicy cucumbers and the spicy beef noodle soup.   Lamb noodles: so, so, so good. Super spicy and it was the mala kind of spicy so I could legitimately feel it in my head. The soup wasn't that lamb-y which I'm not a fan of so I was very pleased. It had some veggies in it that soaked up all that flavor and were so delicious. The hand pulled noodles were chewy, my fave.   Spicy cucumbers: a nice cold side dish to go with your hot noodles. They were spicy and sweet so it wasn't too much spice overload.  Beef noodle: hubby says it was good and he's an all time fan of spicy beef noodle soup anywhere. It's not your typical Taiwanese beef noodle soup but def worth trying!
5 My friend and I shared the spicy Dan Dan noodles with pork and they were absolutely delicious. The texture of the noodles was perfect and the creamy, spicy sauce was incredibly flavorful. If you're into spice, I'd highly recommend this!! The customer service is also fabulous. The line is always long, but goes so quickly due to how fast they are. Victor at the register was happy, helpful, and gave us a great experience. Thank you!!
5 I've tried noodles all over the world and these are some fine noodles. They are hand pulled and I loved watching them hand pull the noodles while I sat there eating my delicious spicy noodles. I had the vegan Dan dan noodles which I loved. They were spicy, not overwhelmingly so, but the spice was filled with delicious peppercorn and chili flavor. The vegan version comes with some fake meat soy that was actually really good because it was covered in their signature spicy sauce. The dish also included cucumbers and I hate cucumbers but somehow loved these because they didn't even taste like cucumbers in their sauce! This place is worth coming to Chelsea Market.
5 Super delicious and amazing noodles. Love having very fresh noodles all year around at the awesone chelseas market. Great place to be this time of year!
5 Fantastic noodle establishment in Chelsea Market! If you're a tourist strolling the market and shopping, this place is a great place to relax and get warm!  FOOD: La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup [5/5] I split this with a friend and it was delicious. We got the spicy variation of it, but it wasn't that spicy. The beef in the soup was very tender; you did not need to chew at all. The noodles are hand drawn and shaved so it's VERY FRESH. The spices and flavors really blend together and make for a really well balanced dish.  AMBIANCE: The restaurant has changed location a couple times since being in Chelsea Market. Last time I went, it was in the middle of the place. Seating can be hard to find so get ready to stand at a table! It's loud here, but honestly, that's what the NYC experience is about.  OVERALL: Great place for authentic hand drawn noodles! It's definitely hard to choose one place to eat at while in Chelsea Market but I highly recommend this if you're craving something tasty to warm you up!
3 A great tasting noodle with a spicy kick . The only problem is the grease after taste.  Fast food no tables, only stand up counters if you can find one.
5 Very fresh noodles indeed! My friend and I split the La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup, and it was incredibly amazing. The broth was outstanding, the braised beef so tender and moist, and the noodles thick and comforting. All the vegetables were great in this soup, too -- their refreshing, pickled flavors balanced out the heavier, savory meat and broth. We got the spicy version, but we didn't think it was that spicy, so if you like or can tolerate some spiciness, I'd recommend spicy. (If this helps, I am of Chinese background and am used to Sichuan foods. My friend is white but likes a variety of spicy foods).   Definitely worth a visit at the Chelsea Market. Awesome, friendly service too!
5 I tried some of the noodles with lamb and cumin, and it was legitimately wonderful. Some of the best noodles I've ever had, period.
5 I arrived at NYC for a bike ride. It was a cold day and I was in mood for something to warm up my body and was intrigued by the Very Fresh Noodle. The layout of the counter and the accessible menu remind me of the local noodle shops in Japan. The La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup beckoned my hunger. The beefs are plentiful and tender. I was pleased to find more beef hiding under the oodles of noodles and bok choy. Their broth are savory and addictive. I was able to get full even though I shared the bowl with a friend.  The line will be long so bring company and enjoy watching the chefs make those lasagna-wide noodle from scratch.
5 This is a BANGIN Biang Biang noodle spot!!!!! Hits the spot soooo damn good, especially on a cold winters day. Love this place!!!!
5 BEST EVER. No matter where I am, I will make the trip into Chelsea market to eat the beef noodle soup. The meat is soo tender and the broth has such a bold flavor. It's a must try.
5 Visiting from California and apparently hand-pulled noodles are a huge thing in this city. VFNoodle is located in Chelsea Market so it was c r o w d e d. You can watch the workers literally hand-pull the noodles. Lots going on, reminded me of Pike Place Market in Seattle.  Waited in line for maybe 20 minutes before ordering, and another 10-15 to actually receive the food. Quite crowded, and standing room only, nowhere really to sit down. I got the cumin lamb bowl. It was perfect for a cold/rainy day in NYC. Better than the other hand-pulled noodle joints I tried in the area (and I already forget the name of those!). They give you a good amount too, so I barely finished it. I left full and satisfied. YUM!
5 Wow. The lamb noodle soup was incredible. The cumin through the dish added a nice touch. You can watch the staff making the noodles behind the bar which adds a nice theatrical touch. Set within the market, so seating can be a bit limited, though there's plenty of space around and about the market to sit.
4 Came to Chelsea Market to see what it had to offer and had a difficult time deciding on where to eat. My fiancé and I finally decided on going here because of the reviews and impressive noodle pulling we saw.   We had a few other eateries on our list so we decided to share something here so we'd have room for more.   + Crushed Cucumber Salad - 10/10 - this was refreshing and not spicy one bit (even though it had tons of red peppers in it). It definitely has a garlic taste but my fiancé and I both enjoyed this a lot.   + Tingly Cumin Beef - 8/10 - we got this dry, meaning there's no broth with it. It was pretty good. The beef pieces were very large so you'll need to cut it a little but overall it's good. It's pretty spicy though.   Overall it was a pretty good meal. It was very filling and also a solid comfort food.
5 We were in Chelsea Market at lunch and after Yelp reviews decided on this place. Service was super fast and food was delicious. We both had beef noodle soup. There are a few stools at counter and couple standing tables but seating is very limited. Lucky enough to snag a counter seat it was fun watching the noodles he made while I tried to sip every last drop of the broth.
5 Amazing place with a great vibe! Firstly the staff are super friendly and chat to you while you eat. They even gave us some free soup as the noodle soup was too spicy for my wife. Not to mention the food was delicious! Some of the best noodles I've ever had.
5 We came here on Sunday morning as soon as the place opened at 11:30am. After being out in the cold and rain for a few hours, noodle seemed like the perfect cure. We ordered the beef noodle soup and the spicy lamb noodle soup. With most of the noodles, you have an option of dry or soup. Keep in mind all the dry noodles come spicy. Both of the soup noodles we got came spicy but it was not the unbearable kind of spice. both were very tasty but the lamb definitely had a stronger flavor. I also liked that they gave a decent amount of vegetables/bokchoy. Many noodle places give you one dingy piece of bokchoy.
5 I had been following this spot on Instagram for a while and finally came to try the vegan mock duck soup. It's hard to find comfort soups/ramen/pho without beef,pork or chicken broth that is flavorful but the reviews of this dish told me that this broth did not lack flavor.   The cashier asked me if I wanted spicy or not spicy. I asked her to describe the type or level of spice and she said "not any spicier than tobacco sauce." I decided to go with the spicy because I like mildly spicy food.   Very quickly I got my beautiful bowl and started to sip the broth and taste the noodles. My tongue began to tingle and it was quite overwhelming to my senses. It wasn't a reaction to heat from the spice but an ingredient I couldn't identify. I was so frustrated because the mock duck and noodles were tantalizing but something in the broth was causing my tongue and nose and eyes to react.   One of the chef's noticed I had stopped eating my soup and asked if everything was ok and when I hesitated he said "tell me because I wan't you to have something you can eat." I told him my tongue was tingling and he explained that there is a peppercorn used in Szechuan cuisine that can result an overwhelming reaction if you are not expecting it/not used to it. He didn't make me feel poorly about it at all. In fact, his friendly, warm and laid back personality made me feel better about the puzzling reaction.   He joyfully made me another batch but without the peppercorn "not spicy" and rolled me some more noodles. This new batch had all the delicious flavor notes from the first but without causing my sinuses to go crazy.   He didn't charge me extra and so graciously, generously and humbly ensured that I had a wonderful culinary experience.   I really appreciate and recommend this spot! The portion is wonderfully big, the food is superb, and the service is exceptional. Don't miss out!!!   Thanks again for making my first experience a great one. I will be back :)
5 We ate here when we visited Chelsea Market in December 2017 and we really enjoyed it. In fact, it was the only place that my wife insisted we have to come to during our recent visit to NY (December 2018).   We made our way to Chelsea Market and found out that the location has changed. The new space is way roomier and has a lot of space to sit down, which was great after walking around all day.   The food was still just as good as the first time and I'm sure this will be on her list again when we visit NY next year.  My only complaint? The music was SOOOOO loud in the kitchen. I'm sure it's great for keeping the kitchen crew hyped, but it was so upbeat and pounding that we sat as far as we could from them.
5 Checked this place out on a night that I was craving hand pulled noodle. My go to spot is in flushing but it's a bit of a trek for me. This spot is located in the Chelsea market area and it was surpsingly good. It really hit the spot for me. In fact, I got a dry noodle to go after I killed my lamb noodle soup. Just a tip, add some vinegar into your noodle soup and it makes it so much more flavorful. Or don't, I'm probably biased because I could drink vinegar alone.
4 TLDR: Great if you like chewy Taiwanese noodle dishes! Overall rating: A  This is my third time coming here. This is my first time in their new location inside Chelsea Market. The new space is roomier with actual seating. Although, they're all the high bar stool seats I don't like. The menu changed a bit too. There is even a vegan noodle option for those interested. I got:  -La Mei Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup (Slow-braised beef shanks and handpulled noodles in beef soup, served with pickled mustard greens, bok choy, scallion, cilantro, and a touch of chili oil; a Taiwanese classic. Choice of mild or spicy. $12.86): I got mine spicy WITHOUT cilantro. It's $14 even after tax. A friend says she doesn't like this dish as much as before. I like the new incarnation better actually. The noodles are chewier, there's more and better quality beef, and the bok choy had a nice crunch. I like this more than their tingly cumin lamb, which to me was so so.   Their noodles are made in front of you! You need to ask for a spoon now. It's behind the counter. They also sell 1 side (cucumbers), 5 bubble teas, and a bunch of soft drinks. Keep your receipt! They call your receipt number when they're done. It only takes a few minutes when there's not a huge line. They also ask if you want a lid or a bag. It's better since they'll waste less plastic! Love their noodles! I'll keep coming back for sure!
3 If I can only eat one thing for the rest of my life, it'd be noodles.   I grew up eating noodles, in fact, the way very fresh noodles make hand pulled noodles is the exact way my dad's side of the family make them (in China).   Having that said, I was really excited and really wanted to enjoy my bowl of deliciousness here. Watching how the noodles were pulled was fun, seeing and smelling my bowl was exciting, however, my feedback for the dry lamb noodles is that there was way too much cumin. Not sure if it was just that day or it's always like that?   The appropriate level of spice is crucial to a good bowl of noodles. We were told that the dry noodle has a default level of spiciness (soup one does not) and I can eat spicy food so I was excited! But the ratio of cumin:other spices AND ratio of sauce:noodle were both too high.....We barely finished half of our noodle and I felt horrible throwing the other half away :( but we just couldn't finish.  I plan on coming back and trying out other things on the menu and will update my review then.
5 I thought this place was quite tasty, comparable to Xi'an famous foods. More lamb than xi'ans, albeit more expensive. Flavor was great, lots of fresh tasty cilantro. I only tried the lamb noodle soup so I'm definitely coming back for more!
5 Omg, what can I say. This was the most epic lunch I have ever had. Ordered  the Nan, Nan Mian. I think it's the spicest item on the menu. The noodles are hand made fresh.  As a foodie this is one of the best food I have ever had in my life.  I will come here again next time I am in the area. It's in Chelse Market.  The lines are long and not many tables, but worth it.
5 a must visit when in nyc and going thru chelsea market.  tasty and fresh and filling.  cant wait to return  to new york!!!
5 omgggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg­ggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!! yas yas yassssss. i want to go to nyc again, just for this place. it was everything i imagined after seeing it on facebook. yaasss. the noodles were incredibly fresh. the seasoning was prime time.  i couldn't stop eating them.  the meat was tender and seasoned to perfection.
5 A great place for Chinese-fusion food in Chelsea Market!! Got the V. Spicy Dan Dan Mian (担担面), Vegan. The spice delivered well and the noodles were the right thickness to bite into. Pairing with a Thai Bubble Tea was a good idea to keep the consequent fire breathing under control.  Will definitely recommend that pairing
3 Hand pulled noodles, freshly made on the spot.  It is acceptable, but I have had better.  The negative for me is it is too oily, vegetables are too chopped.  It does too feel authentic
5 I'd never heard of this place and ended up eating here because I saw an enormous line and jumped in. BEST DECISION EVER. Seriously the best!! I wish I would have ordered extra meat because the beef was so tender and flavorful. I think the meat is seriously under-appreciated because the noodles are so good. You can't go wrong here!!
5 Stopped in with my gf as we strolled through Chelsea Market. At first we were just intrigued by the guy slapping the noodles fresh in the open kitchen in front of a wall of dining customers. There was good music playing and the smell finally did us in. We decided to share a bowl of the beef noodle soup. It was up and ready before I had even got our drinks. Fresh, hot, chewy noodles. The beef was so soft it just fell apart and melted in your mouth. We got the spicy broth which was spicy but enjoyable. We added some red chili flake(they have it packaged fresh with oil in little cups). It was amazing! Definitely recommend you stop by if you're in the area!
5 So I came to Chelsea's Market just for a fun stop before heading to the airport. I didn't expect to find an incredible noodle shop inside. I came a few minutes after they opened and the line was already ridiculously long for 11am! Thankfully, their service is SUPER FAST and I get to order and receive my food in under 10 minutes.  I got the vegan Dan Dan Mian and one word: WOW. I didn't expect how AMAZING it was. I'm a big fan of noodles but haven't tried this particular type so I went in with mild expectations and was completely blown away. Not only did it taste good - it LOOKED good as well and a lot of folks stopped to ask me what I ordered so that they could get it as well.  The noodle is branded as being very spicy. I think for the average person, it probably is. For me, it was still mild so I kicked up the spice some more by adding a lot more of it. These noodles were just meant to be hot hot hot and I love that! There's also a pork option for meat lovers.  They also provide a large portion size so it took me a while to get through it. I loved every bit and wish I could have it again! The next time I am in NYC, this will be my first stop. Everyone should try these noodles!
4 The place can get very busy but definitely worth it. Tingly Cumin Lamb Noodles one of the best. Spicy and delicious.
5 *STOP READING THIS AND GO ORDER THE VEGAN NOODLE  SOUP NOW*  If you're lucky to be in NYC then you MUST come here ASAP!   My friend and I came across this place by chance and we couldn't resist giving it a try (they had a VEGAN option and there was noooooo way I wasn't trying).  This bowl of noodle soup made me laugh, almost made my cry, made me say, "I can't believe how good this is" 10 times, made me feel better about my sprained ankle, and became a TOTAL TASTING EXPERIENCE. No joke! The flavours are so good it really takes you on a tasting journey and for me, an emotional roller coaster; I've never had vegan food taste so good that, even as I write this, seem unbelievable and amazing.  The next time I'm back in NYC I will 100% be back to order this soup again! This is not a place you try once and move on; this is a place that you'll have to come back again, again, again, again, and again.   Best vegan noodle soup I have ever had in my life.  Spicy as hell... and I appreciated it!
4 Chelsea Market is a good place to check out if you're hungry but don't really know what you want. There are lots of choices. I was drawn to Very Fresh Noodles when I noticed the guy pulling noodles. How could noodles that fresh not be good?  I had eaten a huge late lunch (see my review of Katz's Deli for the details) so I was looking for something light and thought a bowl of noodles would fill the bill. I ordered the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. Everything in the soup was delicious, and I was surprised by how much tasty, tender meat was hiding in the broth. And then there are the noodles. Actually, it is one noodle.  A noodle that goes on forever. A noodle that is firm enough to defy any attempt to cut it with chopsticks or spoon. A noodle that demands to be cut with your incisors. A damned good noodle.    I chose Very Fresh Noodles because I didn't want a big meal. There was nothing small about my bowl, and I had to give up, leaving half the broth and veggies in my bowl. But I did eat every last inch of that noodle!  Seating can be an issue. There are tables in other areas if Chelsea Market, but going any distance while carrying a filled-to-the-brim flimsy bowl of hot soup is a challenge.
3 In the battle between Los Tacos and Very Fresh, Very Fresh won....at first.  My bf and I were debating between the 2 aforementioned classics at Chelsea Market and since we've never tried Very Fresh, we decided to give it a shot, heeding the glowing reviews. Basically, you order in line while others scope out seating. You gotta be quick or you'll end up eating...while standing.  We got the Dry Lamb Cumin Noodles (for him) and the Dan Dan Noodles (for me). Gave my noodles a good mix and at first bite, I was overwhelmed by the texture and flavors. It just felt VERY heavy but after the spices started to kick in, I thoroughly enjoyed it. However, my mouth was sooo oily afterward; had to wash it down with some chrysanthemum tea real quick. We switched our bowls halfway and while I did enjoy the different "chewiness" of the flat noodles and the cumin flavors of the lamb, it ended up being too salty and sour for me. Switch back! I finished my bowl through but my bf found his bowl to be too oily to finish. He also didn't like that the pickles included came in giant pieces which made it difficult to enjoy with the other components of the dish.  Ended up feeling not super satisfied so we finished off our meals with an adobada taco each at Los Tacos, his favorite.
5 This was actually the first time I've eaten something like this. If you like your flavor in the soup, get the noodles soup. But if you are like me, all about the flavor in the grab onto the noodles as you eat, get the dried one. The noodles absolutely has great texture. Not too Soft and chewy, exactly how I like my noodles. The flavor is really rich but not over whelming, goes really well with the noodles. Well seasoned lamb, fantastic flavor. The staff are really friendly also. Make it much more enjoyable to eat here.   MUST TRY!
5 DROOL. The dry tingly noodles here are absolutely incredible. They are very intense - super spicy, slurpy, zingy, herby. In a way, I like them better than Xi'an famous food. Although less tingly, they are more pungently herby and feel less oily (although they don't look it). The quality of noodle is more difficult to compare because they are mostly just a (delicious) vehicle here. They aren't the best hand-pulled noodles I've had, but the dish itself IS one of the best noodle dishes I've had. Can't wait to return.
5 Soo delicious!  I always order the Taiwanese noodle soup and it's so good.  Thick chewy noodles in a flavorful spicy soup topped with bokchoy and slices of soft melt in your mouth beef shank.  You must try it, if you love noodles.
5 One of my favorite places in NYC! I absolutely adore the tingly cumin beef noodles... we don't have anything like it in SF (that I know of). The beef is so tender and fatty, and the noodles are chewy and satisfying. After my first bite, I seriously considered moving to NYC. It's that good.  I also enjoyed the dan dan mian, washed down with their red bean soy milk to calm my burning tongue. It's not the star of the show, but still very tasty indeed!  I also want to note how friendly everyone is (the servers, guys pulling noodles, etc). They're super approachable and helpful! I appreciated how they explained the menu to me instead of blindly assuming I knew everything because I'm Asian (not Chinese, but it happens a lot in SF). I'm happy they warned me about the spice - honestly, I used to be renowned for my ability to down sriracha, but I have no idea how people were dumping 5 scoops of hot sauce into the already spicy dan dan noodles. Guess my heat tolerance isn't as great as I thought it is! ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Only negative is there isn't much seating because this place gets busy! I'd recommend asking for a lid on the soup and finding a seat in another area around Chelsea Market.
3 Let me start by saying that these noodles are VERY delicious and as fresh as it gets, and I wouldn't hesitate to return if I were nearby and hungry for some n00dz.   That being said, I found the overall dishes to be a little underwhelming. We had two orders of the Vegan Noodles with Mock Duck, Bok Choy and Shiitake Mushrooms, one dry and one soup. The noodles had the perfect amount of chewiness to them and the broth was flavorful but not overly rich.   The reason I don't find Very Fresh to be a 4 or 5 star joint is because a) the ordering was confusing and I felt this caused us to b) end up with noodles that were too spicy and therefore not enjoyable. We were warned off the very spicy noodles by a friend (none of us are wimps when it comes to spice, but we also like to enjoy our food). We were disappointed that they were still too spicy even at the regular level, and were not informed that we could order them less spicy at the counter.   We didn't come close to finishing our $40 meal after tip because the service and menu weren't clear. As vegans, we only had two options and were disappointed we couldn't enjoy the option we assumed would be manageable.   That said, the noodles are very fresh, very tasty and worth a try if you're in the area.
3 Had seen so many cool videos of this place and was super excited to check it out. The line was pretty long so be prepared to wait. I got the spicy cumin beef with the soup and honestly I was a bit disappointed. I thought the noodles could be a bit softer and the soup/noodles had this weird after kick that was spicy but in an unpleasant way. It wasn't bad, don't get me wrong, but certainly not the best noodles I've had in my life.  They are, however, super fresh. You see them making and pulling the noodles on spot per order. Its pretty cool, and atleast you know they're very fresh. But I think I've had better noodles overall.
4 I love this place but it's closed now. Thought everyone should know. Not sure if they're renovating, moved or closed for good.
4 Pretty solid handpulled noodle spot in Chelsea Market, but as a person who's been to many hand pulled noodle places in Flushing and Chinatown, this one was okay. It definitely wasn't bad tho! and is worth a try! One thing I really liked about the Taiwanese beef noodle soup was that the beef was soooo tender and soft. Melts in our mouth. My bf got the lamb noodles and I actually liked his broth better than mine. Mine had a slight hint of sourness, but I know that's how most Taiwanese beef broth tastes like. He, on the other hand, loves that kinda broth. The noodles were good, but they could be a bit more chewy I think. Of course there's also limited seating but we were very lucky to grab two seats at the bar area right in front of their restaurant. The line may seem very long and daunting, but it moves fairly quickly and the noodles are sold at a decent price - ~$13 ish per bowl.
5 Officially found noodle heaven! Dan dan noodle was FUEGO and by that I mean, it was both incredible AND spicy. They can't alter the level of spice for this dish so unless you dig some heat, skip this one. I loved it. My boyfriend got the beef noodle soup and I honestly had a tough time deciding which one of us got the better dish because they were both THAT GOOD. Hahah. The broth was perfect, the beef was tender and well seasoned, even the cilantro was particularly tasty in this dish. Whatever it is you guys are doing, keep doing it. My only note would be that the milk tea was too sweet but let's be real, I came for the noodles!
4 Even though I waited in long line, the noodle was good. What impressed me is that they don't save ingredients. I ordered spicy fried beef noodle and it was not too spicy to have. There were a lot of beef and it was really soft. I think it makes the noodle special.
5 The Food we ordered came out very oily and has too much cilantro. I informed the manager yana about the food situation. She accomodated my complain and asked the one of the guys from the kitchen to give me a new one. I was sitting on the counter and one of the cook Nev made sure he accomodates me. Great teamwork from the management to staff. Great Customer service. WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK!!!
5 Strolling through the bustling Chelsea market looking at the delicious displays of food, I stumble on a big sign..."VERY FRESH NOODLES." Attracted to the sign, I wondered to myself, how fresh can it actually be? Well, that's where my experience begins. As I approach the extremely large and inviting sign, I find a long line of people waiting to taste said fresh noodles. As I skim through the menu, I kept hearing a slamming and thumbing sound. As I search for where it's coming from, I see a man behind the counter dressed in a cooks attire slamming noodles as he tried to stretch them. Oh, that fresh. I got excited, since the last time I've seen this was at a restaurant called Mr. Chow, where they have their chef perform noodle stretching from scratch at dinner time. The menu is short and not very complicated. Four noodle dishes, each differ in protein (lamb, beef, pork and mock duck) and heat (mild, spicy, and very spicy.) The fella behind the counter recommended the third option with slow cooked beef, so I chose.  I absolutely loved the dish, it was large enough to share with someone, which I did. The beef was succulent and soft, but slightly fatty. Bok Choy was placed in the broth and on top of the dish, it was crisp and sweet. The broth was delicious, beef based, with consistent heat. I opted for the mild btw, which was still spicy but not overwhelming. Now, the noodles... purely amazing. The portion was very giving. Texture was perfect and not too cooked or hard, with a delicious fresh flavor. I was in pure heaven with every bite. This place is probably filled with msg or something because I am hooked. It's probably isn't, I'm joking. My taste buds couldn't get enough of everything in the bowl. It's my new favorite spot to eat if I come to the market and need to fill my stomach with delicious fresh food.  I highly recommend it.
5 Ordered the Taiwanese noddles extra spicy so delish  the noddles are amazing. The broth is very flavorful.
4 Omg! These noodles are amazing! Evident by the long line. It in the Chelsea Market...so um yeah, of course it's good eats!
2 I honestly think that this place is overly hyped due to their location. I ordered the taiwanese noodle soup with beef, while my boyfriend ordered the dan dan mian with pork. We both also ordered two thai iced tea bubble teas. Both the thai iced tea with bubbles tasted like water, no where close to any of the thai iced teas I've had before. And their bubbles were weird and had a sour taste. For my taiwanese beef noodle soup, the only item I liked about it were the hand-pulled noodles. The soup was super oily & had no taste. When I ate the veggies that were on top, it was raw. I was expecting it to be good but it turned out to be a disappointment. Won't be coming back here anymore for noodles or bubble tea.
3 I saw this restaurant featured on INSIDER Food and was drawn to the delectable and luscious looking noodles that were being stretched and pulled. Hence I dragged my mom there one day when we were visiting Chelsea Market because we were especially craving some good Taiwanese noodles.  I got the Dry Cumin Lamb Noodles and my mom got the Taiwanese Beef Noodles Soup. I loved the texture of the noodles as my favorite kind of noodles are flat, wide, and long (to signify longevity of life ahaha). But I was not a huge fan of the broth. Though there were a lot of toppings, I felt like the broth lacked depth in flavor and was pretty greasy.   So come here for the noodles but skip the broth! Because the noodles are the clear star of the dishes here.
2 The vibe, the 80's booming playlist, and the steaming soup drew us like a magnet to this joint to wait in line for these homemade noodles. I am familiar with this Taiwanese dish and usually love it. I am also a huge bubble tea connoisseur. We were so disappointed! We tried so hard to like this, but it was SO GREASY we had to throw it out. I ate 3 bites. The Thai tea was tasteless and the boba were as hard as a rock. $20 down the drain.
1 What a bizarre experience! Have you ever been somewhere and you look around and everyone is having a good time except for you. Have you ever had 10 people tell you something taste good only to try it for yourself and wonder what are they talking about? Boy oh boy I felt like the odd one out at this place. Maybe it's because I'm from Seattle. Maybe it's because I love Taiwanese, Japanese, Chinese, and all things Asian food. But I'm telling you this place wasn't good. The fresh noodle spot was nasty. The cumin flavored soup that they serve the noodles in is crazy bad. And leaves a terrible taste in your mouth. I don't know how anybody's digesting this stuff. And maybe no one will agree with me. Maybe I'm the odd one out when it comes to Fresh noodles and Chelsea. But I'm being honest with you! I would never eat it again. I asked for a refund. Which reminds me I need to check my bank account and see if they really did it. It's they seemed a little sketchy. And it wasn't Chelsea I get that. But man oh man just don't waste your money or your time.
5 This restaurant is amazing!  We ordered the tan tan noodles and lamb noodle soup and they we're both delicious, satisfying and left me walking away with my belly full and in a daze. Expect the itis to hit you hard!  I wasn't able to sample anything else in the market after this meal but it was worth it. Next time I'll bring more friends with me. Be prepared to sweat from the heat these noodles pack if you order spicy. The tan tan noodles are a must get!
5 This place is beyond amazing!! Best noodles I've ever had. The beef soup broth is so flavorful and has the most tender beef. I wish I could have this all the time. Looking forward to my next visit to NYC to come enjoy this soup again.
5 I'm a fan. I dig this place. Normally I'm one to explore and stay curious of variety but the noodles and spices here have such a stronghold on my stomach that I find myself defaulting here.   It's similar to xi an but the flavor seems stronger, the spices more complex (it is saltier though, which I could leave behind).  The boba here is also a green light in my book. I'm not usually into that kind of thing but on a whim one day, I opted for the taro milk tea. I remember it to be so damn creamy that I gotta stop here and keep it SFW
5 If you're walking around Chelsea Market right now wondering what to eat, just eaI was sold the moment I saw someone actively hand pulling the noodles in front of the customers. I was not disappointed with my decision eat here! The line was long but they meant it when they said they work faaasst. I ordered the beef noodles, perfect for a muggy day in NYC. The noodles were soft and chewy, picked up the flavor of the broth and were portioned appropriately. It hit the spot. I would recommend lime or one of their sides next time to cut through the rich broth, but otherwise, it's a great bowl of soup for a decent price. Lastly, seating is limited! Don't hesitate to ask to share a table with strangers.
5 First of all, I'm really glad they moved to their current location because there's more standing tables!  As much as I love the smell of these noodles, it's a bit much to carry back into the office...  The tingly cumin beef is my go-to.  It seems like most people order this in soup, but I prefer it dry because it doesn't feel as greasy/heavy, the taste is more distinct on the dry noodles, and it's safer to eat without the soup flying all over the place while trying to pick up the thick noodles.  The dishes are filling because they're very generous with the portions, especially with the meat.  When I eat this for lunch, I usually don't have to eat for the rest of the day.  If you're visiting Chelsea Market and buying other snacks, splitting a bowl of noodles with 2 people is probably plenty.  The dan dan noodles are also another favorite of mine.  The cashiers always mention that it's very spicy when you order it, and they're not wrong so it's NOT recommended if you can't handle spice well.  It does feel a bit overly greasy around the end and it's a hassle trying to mix everything in such a small and flimsy bowl, but the taste outweighs (most of) the cons.  The service is always friendly here from start to finish.  The line and wait can get pretty long during lunchtime, which is a bit frustrating but also understandable given the location with many first time visitors.
5 When I touched down in NYC last week, this was the first place I hit up. IT TOTALLY LIVED UP TO THE HYPE!!! I was lucky there was no line and while I waited for my food, I entertained myself watching dude in the back pulling and stretching those glorious noods.  I got the spicy cumin lamb dry noodles. Very flavorful with the right amount of spice. The noodles were the star of the show, very thick and chewy. They took on the flavor of the spicy oils really well.  I regret not coming back again during my stay in NY. I'll just have re-live it in my memories until next time!
5 I flew into JFK on a brisk NYC evening and this was my first meal after landing! It was everything I had hoped it would be.  Taiwanese noodle soup with hand pulled noodles... exactly what the chilly evening called for!  Noodles were cooked perfectly, beef noodle soup had great flavor, good sized chunks of quality beef, and you got your order within 5 minutes! Not too shabby.  Aside from the actual food, try to sit at the bar on the left side of where you order to watch them make the noodles. Then check out the market afterwards since they're in Chelsea Market.
5 This place is the best! I always get the mock duck noodles which surprisingly have a meaty flavor (but they are vegan!) the broth is delicious, and you get so much noodles for the price! I can usually never finish it all in one sitting. Would highly recommend to any noodle lover looking for a good spot in Chelsea Market!
5 Hot and slurpy, with noodles slipping down your chopsticks.  The sauce on the noodles tastes as though there are 40 spices, just in balance to make this spicy, savory, warming and delicious. This will soothe you on a rainy day and cheer you any day.
2 They continue to expand but can't handle it - one week in the old Dizengoff location and many things to work out.  For a restaurant of that size and this type of food - please get real (absorbent) napkins and sturdy spoons .  Their order system has room for improvement with many wrong bowls made.  Feels overpriced for the service and quality .
4 Dropped by this place when I was food trippin like crazy through NYC and did not regret overeating here even one bit!   I ordered the vegan noodles with mock duck, dry so I could more easily take the leftovers home. Trust me, the price is definitely worth it when you see the portion and taste the delicious noodles. The vegan noodles came with bok choy, shiitake mushroom, pickled mustard greens and woooow did it pack a punch. It has a super rich and pervasive flavor without being too overwhelming or greasy and frankly, leaves you feeling super satisfied after each bite. The veggies balanced the oil within the dish and the pickled mustard greens in particular cut the richness of the meal so your palate doesn't feel too overwhelmed.  My order came out in a timely manner even though there was a healthy line when I visited and service was super friendly. I'm forever grateful for the vegetarian and vegan options here because I am a giant giant noodle/noodle soup fan and often feel like I'm missing out on some great dishes.  Definitely definitely check this place out if you are in town!
4 Very fresh noodles is a noodle specialty shop in Chelsea market. They have you're Xian biang biang noodles that are banged fresh on the counter in front of you, as well as other Chinese / Taiwanese noodle specials. Prices are a bit higher due to touristiness of the market.   There was a pretty long queue, it took about 15m. Seats can be tough to come by on busy days, wherever is open in the market.   Ordered: "Tingly" lamb cumin soup - comparable to Xian specialty foods. It is the tingle spice, nice cuts of meats, and fresh biang biang mian Super Spicy Dan Dan noodles - oil spicy, also tingly. Fresh noodles. Not super spiced but it does build up. Comes with minced pork
5 Tingly cumin lamb (dry) is one of the best meals I've had in NYC. The noodles are simply amazing (you can see them being made in front of you), the meat is good and the spices add a great, spicy flavor to it.
5 The best hand pulled noodles in NYC!  Very flavorful and very fast service!  A great place to eat if you are near the Chelsea Market.
5 Find me a better bowl of hand pulled noodles in Manhattan... I dare you.  Since my last visit, the small little storefront that I once knew expanded TWICE. Goes to show how much people love this place. The wait for my food is no longer an issue due to a bigger kitchen and more cooks in the kitchen.   I've been here numerous times over the past year and the food has been nothing short of amazing. My favorites are the cumin lamb (for the flavor) and Taiwanese beef noodle soup (for the melt in your mouth braised beef). The chewy, flavorful and savory noodles hit the spot every time.  The workers here are also madd cool. I came in one Sunday, not realizing that they close early on that day. When I went up to the cashier, he gave me the sad news and told me the kitchen had already closed. Instead of telling me to f* off and look elsewhere for dinner, he gave me some spicy cucumbers on the house (which is absolutely bomb btw)! He definitely didn't need to do that... especially when they weren't making any money from me that day. It really goes to show what an awesome team they have here!
3 Stopped by for a bowl of Dan Dan Noodles and they were pretty good. I've had better and have actually made this dish better at home, but if in a pinch and nearby the ones here are serviceable. A few of the things I felt they were missing were that there was not enough sesame paste and definitely not enough heat, but I know this can be subjective.   There was a line which took maybe 15 minutes to get through and the food came out not too long after ordering. I would stop in again sometime, if in the area.
4 Had the taiwanese spicy beef noodle soup and it was superb.  The bok choy is a nice touch to give you a nice bite of something to somewhat clean your palette for the next bite of super tender beef and chewy noodles.  The pickled mustard greens swimming around the boy were a very pleasant surprise.
4 I absolutely love noodles and I love hand pulled noodles even more. I am constantly craving cumin lamb noodles and came by Chelsea market so I had to try this joint. It's a bit pricy compared to its competitor but the portion size is also slightly bigger. I got the tingly lamb dry noodles and waited a good 15 minutes before it was ready. The noodles are fresh and hand pulled once your order is placed. There was a huge portion of lamb that came with it and it came with a heap of garnishes that really made a difference. The noodles were spot on, al dente and soaked up all the sauce. Also loved the hint of vinegar that is in the sauce. My only complaint is the meat. Even though I got lamb I had a hard time figuring out whether it was lamb or beef and I definitely think it would have worked better if the meat was a different texture. Since it's braised the meat was shredded when you ate it, which is not the consistency I like for lamb. Overall a solid noodle joint and one of the few that serves hand pulled flat noodles.
3 Unfortunately the noodles are too salty. Making it impossible to eat. I even added some water to it and it was still unbearably salty.
5 A day of ambling the West Side and popping into the Chelsea Market led me to this little amazing find! (Okay, might be sliiiiightly biased because they put Taiwanese as part of their influence and anything Taiwanese is a must go on my list, quite frankly.) But still, I won't lie, this place is the bomb.com and I would prefer it over X'ian's Famous Foods anyday. Here's why.  When you eat at a place called Very Fresh Noodles, ya know what you'll get? VERY FRESH NOODLES! I am in absolute, head-over-heels LOVE with their signature Tingly Cumin Lamb! Get a load of this. Seasoned with a heap of sichuan peppercorns, cumin, and fresh herbs, this dish is hard to beat in terms of flavor as it sits on a bed of chili oil. The texture of these noodles are thick, chewy, and divine; you can tell they were given so much attention and care. These tender lamb slices are sure to make you all tingly! Everything they make is fresh af. My friend got the Very Spicy Dan Dan Mian Noodles which were almost as good imo but the flavors of the Cumin Lamb were beyond comparison.   I also heard they changed locations within the market recently and finally got much more seating space! Would definitely return.  instagram.com/mariebonap…
5 Prob the best Asian noodles I've ever had. Really cool getting them to watch them make the noodles right in front of you too. Definitely recommend, name lives up to being very fresh.
5 Can't the rating go way beyond 5 please???   Don't question, just go !! It's something that'll explode in your mouth and mind. Just 4-5  types of noddles, extremely busy a place but all worth it. We had the the Very spicy dan dan mian noodles with pork and it was outstanding. Nothing healthy about it. Spicy, oily and messy and that's what we loved. I wanna try their signature "biangbiang" noodles next.  Oh, there's an option of vegan noddle bowl too !!! Price range: 12-14$
5 Still reading? Good, this is hands down the best hand pulled noodle spot in NYC. Located in Chelsea Market, they serve very excellent Taiwanese beef noodle soup, along with other spicy options. They don't skimp on the beef too! The beef noodle soup will certainly warm you up on a Fall / winter evening. Grab the Taro bubble tea as well. Definitely superior than Xian Famous noodles in my opinion. Will definitely hit up Very Fresh Noodles again!
3 We went here yesterday after reading rave reviews online. I am a huge fan of fresh noodles, and with a name like "Very Fresh Noodles", it's hard to resist! Located in a kiosk in the bustling (read stressful) Chelsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles is a quick spot to get a tasty, if bland, bowl of homemade Asian noodles.  I got the Tingly Beef Noodles served "dry" (without soup), and while they were filling and substantial, they lacked flavor or nuance past the initial "oh these are spicy!" layer. The most disappointing part, though, was the flavor of the noodles themselves - which was none I could taste. The best part about homemade noodles is that rich, starchy accent you get from the fresh ingredients. Not so here. I also found the beef to be quite fatty, and couldn't eat some of the lingering broth after I finished the noodles because of all of the gristle floating around inside. On the plus side, the portion size is substantial, and you will leave full. It is also cool to see the people pulling the noodles and boiling them to order. I just wish they had the flavor of other homemade noodles I've had in NYC (Lhasa Fast Food in Queens, anyone?)  Was it a good lunch? Sure. But I don't think I'd brave the Chelsea Market crowds for an encore performance.
5 Very fresh noodles... that's it!  The Tingly Cumin Lamb is spicy, but all flavors are well balanced!
5 Ridiculously good! Worth the trip to Chelsea Market. Flavor profiles that your mouth remembers, its pulled me in three times in one week. I'm looking forward to winter. Take My Money!
4 Very fresh noodles indeed! You can literally see the guy pulling the noodles as you wait in line to place your order. And the noodles did not disappoint. Perfect level of thickness and chewiness. We got the Taiwanese beef noodle soup (mild) and the broth was fantastic as well (also received a pretty generous serving of beef in our bowls). The cleaver smashed cucumbers were tasty too - not spicy / more sweet. PS the line can be long but it moves along relatively quickly (and once you order it's like 5min or less potentially to get your actual food - a pro of the limited menu is they're incredibly fast at assembly).   Apart from some asian canned/box drink options (chrysanthemum tea, herbal tea, grass jelly drink, coconut drink), they also now offer various bubble teas (classic milk, Thai iced tea etc). Didn't try the bubble teas but got a box of the Chrysanthemum tea which was the perfect complement to my noodle soup.   Four stars because of the limited menu (4 noodle dishes) and inability to modify how spicy the dishes are in all but the Taiwanese beef noodle soup. Makes it so I (and others who wish we could but don't tolerate spicy well) really only have one option here...great experience overall though and would eat same dish again if in Chelsea market.
5 Come here for super quick service and a filling and warming bowl of noodles. I ordered and received my bowl of spicy Taiwanese beef noodles within five minutes.   The broth was rich and had a nice kick to it (you can choose between regular and spicy). The noodles were thick, hand pulled, with a nice chewy texture. The beef was tender and flavorful.  Overall very satisfied with Very Fresh's experience -  a little pricey at $15 (with tax and tip) for a bowl of noodles but I guess that's to be expected of Chelsea Market!
5 Love this place, I always do the Taiwanese spicy beef soup with skinny noodles instead of the wide ones. One thing I'll do next time is ask for less beef as I don't like a lot of meat but I'm sure this is a plus for others. They give you a generous portion. The annoying thing about this place is it gets packed and there's very little seating. I wonder if they have store front?  Thinking of heading there today for lunch but this time I want to try the tingly beef noodles.
4 The moment I tried the noodles, I wanted to go in for a second bite. Man, the flavors were on point. The numbness is at the right amount, I added a bit of vinegar which helped the noodles so much more as well. The noodles were chewy yet easy to slurp down. Cooked perfectly!! Honestly will come back for sure....   Let me say, the decor was also amazing and the environment you were eating in (facing the kitchen). Really highlights the work being put into the noodles, and the 1000% effort to make their customers satisfied.   The two reasons why a star is missing because their plastic bowls are super hard to hold and eat if you're standing (since limited space at Chelsea Market) and that it was a bit too oily at the end for me
4 Awesome hand pulled noodles in Chelsea Market.   Food: I was craving noodles and the "very spicy" dan dan noodles ($13) really hit the spot. I ordered the vegan version of these noodles...loved the flavors, but beware...they ARE extremely spicy. I grew up eating spicy food so I'm used to spice, but these noodles opened up my sinuses. Have water handy. The portion is huge and ended up being 3 solid meals for me.   Service+location: Super quick turnaround. I ordered and within 2-3 minutes, my order was ready. Great location in Chelsea Market (enter from 9th avenue and it'll be the first food area on the left).
5 Summary: Delicious noodles in Chelsea Market with sizable servings.    Setting: located in Chelsea Market, Very Fresh Noodles moved from a small back corner to a larger counter spot. You order your noodles first at the register and then pick up at the counter. There are 7 stools facing the kitchen for seating but best chances are to take your food to go.  Service: Fast service. I ordered two soup noodles and both were ready in about 10 minutes. The workers are also very friendly, giving instructions on how to eat the noodles for people who weren't familiar and clearly identifying which bowl of noodles were which.  Food: great variety including TWO vegan options! I ordered the Vegan Noodle Soup and the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup, spicy.  Taiwanese Noodle Soup: the noodles were thick and perfectly cooked (chewy but soft). There was a good amount of tender beef in the soup and my stomach was more than full afterwards. Next time, I wouldn't order spicy and instead add chili oil in myself   Vegan Noodle Soup: any place that offers vegan mock duck is a win in our book. In the words of my boyfriend "scrumptious noodles, broth too hot." Nevertheless, he downed the whole thing.  We'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu soon!
2 Super disappointed. After hearing a bunch about this place and seeing the tasty pics I was excited to try it. There was just no flavor at all in the Spicy Tingling Lamb. There was no tingling (mala or numbing spice) and no cumin. Just some bland lamb. I tried adding a bunch of hot peppers but that is mostly just heat, not flavor. I should have known not to trust a restaurant that tries to do Chinese food from different provinces.
4 amazing noodles!!! such a rich broth (got the lamb noodle soup) and so so rich with cumin and spices and fresh herbs. The noodles are freshly pulled and made, and the lamb is tender too. The only thing is....seating is very limited and the price is on the higher end compared to chinatown.  cute sign and aesthetic theme!
5 They moved to a bigger spot at Chelsea! It used to be in the corner, but now its more open and there's neon lights! OOOo, what an upgrade! I ordered a cumin lamb and had it split into two bowls, because I was sharing with my best friend. The portion sizes were perfect. Broth was super flavorful and did wonders to my painful throat. The lamb was also very generous in the bowl, and the spice level is on point! If you can't handle spice, it may seem very spicy, but it honestly burns so goooooddd. Love the thick fat noodle and the fresh ingredients. If you manage to get a seat right in front of where the magic happens, you can see how fresh the noodles are, and how they are made! Super entertaining. Definitely thinking about this place right now!
5 My first meal in New York was at Very Fresh Noodles. My mom and I hopped off the plane, checked into our hotel, and walked 40 minutes from our hotel to Chelsea Market in 100° weather for it... I have zero regrets (ok, maybe some regrets about not taking an Uber) because it was worth it!   We got there around 1 pm and there was still quite a long line but it moved quick (as long people didn't take 5evar figuring out what they wanted). The food came out shortly after we ordered and thank goodness for that because we were starving.   We ordered the La Mei & Dan Dan Mian. Oh my goodness, the flavor and noodles were ON POINT. Their noodles are hand-pulled and made fresh for every bowl, right in front of you! It definitely lives up to its name.  We also ordered a Thai Milk Tea but I wasn't super impressed by it. I just really appreciated that it was a cold drink because I was sweating.  I would definitely come back.
5 When you've had a couple of overpriced cocktails at a bar nearby and you're way overdue for dinner, there's nothing that brings more joy than a bowl of tasty Asian noodles. Thank goodness for Chelsea Market, since I think the chances for good Asian food in the Meatpacking are slim to none otherwise.   After following some signage to find the new location for Very Fresh Noodles, we knew immediately this was the best choice for dinner. People were seated at the counter and nearby tables slurping happily, and there was good hip hop playing from the stand.   I went with the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, while my date had the tingling beef noodles, which you could choose in soup or dry (we went dry). Both were absolutely incredible, with extremely tender and flavorful beef pieces, crazy flavorful broth/soup, and lots and lots of cilantro (my fave) mixed in with their flat, perfectly chewy hand-pulled noodles.   I was also really impressed by the friendliness of the service. Obviously they're not waiting on you like at a sit-down place, but the guy behind the counter went out of his way to offer us water, and clear our dishes though you're technically supposed to bus your own stuff. They seemed really happy to see how much we were enjoying, and had smiles on their faces though it was close to closing time.   One of my favorite spots in Chelsea Market now!
5 Totally worth a visit. Super delicious, very authentic food! My Taiwanese friend approved as well, and she is picky;) They make the noodles there! Very fresh.
5 Fantastic.  I cannot express how much I love this place, from the friendliness to the staff, to the taste of the food.  Came here on the dreariest Sunday a September could have--it was cold and raining! I had just gotten off a flight and was craving noodles. I knew what I was missing: Very Fresh Noodles.  I texted a friend and we met at Chelsea Market. At first I was disheartened because I didn't realize they had moved out of their little corner store and into a bigger corner with more seats and a beautiful glowing neon sign. How exciting!   I always get the Taiwanese beef noodle soup, no cilantro and mild spiciness. It's delicious. One sip and it warms you to your heart, to your soul. I swear this soup could revive the dead. You slurp it down, chopsticks in one hand, soup ladle in the other, while watching one of their staff make the noodles you're eating right before your eyes. An arms' workout of slapping noodles against the metal table and yo-yoing it through the air, it's truly a sight to behold.  Even if you get it mild, the soup has a tendency to come across as still a little spicy for the faint-hearted (me). It's a little oily, but how else would it touch your heart? The beef is unbelievably soft. This is what food critics mean when they say "melt in your mouth." You could probably take it apart even if you had no teeth.   One of my disappointments was the Thai bubble tea, which you get a pretty large size for $4 when compared to other boba shops, but I wanted a little more out of the tea. It wasn't enough for me, unfortunately. I'm picky about the tea, so I'll let that slide, but the bobas were tasteless. Also, while it's cool to watch them make the noodles, I was also disappointed to watch them throw away any dough that broke in the noodle making process. I mean, throw away in the garbage. I get that this means those noodles weren't elastic-y, but it seems quite wasteful.    I recommend this place on the cold days, which is perfect for the upcoming winter season! Make sure you grab a lot of napkins, you'll need them.
5 Wow!!!! I always wanted to have ramyun noodle and today I had my chance at this place in Chelsea Market. Better yet I had vegan noodles and I was blown away. Super tasty!!!!  The place is as all most places in Chelsea Market, quick take out and find a place to eat. I enjoy this type of environment for eating when I am in NYC. Quick bite with friends, Rome around in the market, have a drink or two, take walk upstairs on the high line and come back down for some ice cream. Great stuff!!!  As always you have to try it to believe it. #happyeating
5 UGH THESE NOODLES.   My husband and I split the lamb cumin soup and it was so delicious. The serving size was enormous. The broth was amazing and just the right amount of spicy. And the noodles were so delicious. I'm going to dream about them for a while.   Definitely stop by Chelsea Market to get some very super amazingly fresh noodles!
5 Good golly! Craving these now!  Go the cumin lamb biang biang noodles. Woah! Flavor bomb! Noodle texture was perfect, broth was out of this world!  Please get this! Run and get this and get me a bowl!
5 Probably the best food I had during my trip to NYC. Chelsea Market itself is a very popular spot to visit, and I was happy to have chosen Very Fresh Noodles to eat at. You can see the entire process, including stretching and pulling the noodles, which I thought was really cool! I got the spicy beef noodle soup and, despite the container seeming normal sized, it was HUGE. Just when I thought I ran out of noodle, there would be another giant slurp hidden under the broth. The spices were strong and authentic, and it was overall a delicious meal despite how hard it is to find seating in Chelsea Market.
4 These noodles are very good, with lots of oil, spices and flavor. Their cumin lamb is delicious and the oil splashed everywhere while I was eating it. The noodles are made fresh and I can definitely feel my blood pressure going up from all the sodium. Can't eat this all the time because it definitely can't be good for my health.
5 HANDPULLED NOODLES!! What more could you ask for?!  I flew into New York and my first stop was Chelsea Market. I heard about this little place with hand pulled noodles so I had to see what the hype was about.  My friend and I decided to share the beef noodle soup, and the staff was so kind to split the bowl for us. I watched the skillful chef pull the the noodle and knead the dough. I was honestly so impressed. The texture of the noodle was so fresh and the broth was amazingly full of flavor. There was the fresh onion and herbs which combined the freshness of the herbs with the flavorful broth. The beef was so tender that it melted in your mouth. It was about $12 for a bowl of noodles which is average pricing. I wish we had a chance to try the dry noodles but we will be back for more!!  If you're in New York you must make a stop here!
5 I was wondering around the Chelsea market with a very intense desire for fresh fast cheap and tasty food when the visual of noodles being stretched right before my eyes in the tiny kitchen of subway tile and clear plexiglass got my attention  the delicious and very identifiable essence of something delicious was being made there and now they got my curiosity! I ordered the tingly cumin lamb noodles and it was just awesome  Will definitely go back there
5 Yoooooooo! This place blew my mind.   The noodles and the spices to this joint is ah-mazing. There's a reason for line at this place. So here's the run down of our favorites: "Dan Dan noodles" if you like a little spice in your life, go for this. Each strain of noodles is coated with delightful Taiwanese spices. It will make you sweat in every pore of your face. The "Taiwanese beef noodle soup", it's out of this world. I would dare to say it's better than most of the restaurants in flushing (not better than grandma or grandpas cooking tho). The ingredients are fresh the bok choy had no black spots and that grit of sand. It's perfect.   Whatever item you end up ordering do yourself a favor and ask for extra noodles. This place is generous with their meats and veggies and you're going to run out of noodles before you run out of ingredients to pair it with.   Go ahead make the line and after you drench your face with this delicious noodles walk that high line to burn those calories off.   Enjoy foodies!
5 I had the Vegan Dan Dan noodles, which was amazing. Such a robust flavor! (Plus very spicy, I love spicy) I've had this at least for times already and I can't get myself to try anything new on the menu SMH (But I still have no regrets). The staff a there are always super friendly and have no problem explaining the menu. The only down side, is that there's barely any seating, but if your familiar with Chelsea Market you kind of already knew that.
5 I've been wanting to try this place after I passed by in 2017, and regretted not eating here at that time. I've seen it multiple times on Facebook afterwards, and finally, got the chance to try it this time around.  The menu itself is pretty simple, with only four basic noodles (plus some variations), some side dishes and drinks. I got the Tingly Cumin Lamb, while my mom got the Dan Dan Noodles. I also got a Thai bubble milk tea to (hopefully) temper the spiciness.  Tingly Cumin Lamb (soup)--delicious! I love lamb, so I jumped at the chance to try this dish. It was definitely on the spicy side, though it was yummily bearable with my spice tolerance (which isn't that high). The hand pulled noodles were amazing, along with the thin slices of lamb. Highly recommend.  Dan Dan noodles (pork)--BEWARE VERY SPICY!! The menu isn't exaggerating when it says the noodles are spicy! My mom loved the dish but found it too spicy for her unfortunately. Definitely do not attempt if you don't have a high spice tolerance, but if you do, it's amazing! (Disclaimer: this is what my mom thought, since I didn't have the spice tolerance nor the guts to try it).  Thai bubble milk tea--honestly nothing special. The boba isn't that good. However the milk in the milk tea does help temper the spiciness if you need it. (Which is why I ordered it in the first place)  We were lucky enough to grab seats at the counter that looks into the kitchen, so it was really fun watching the employees churn out bowl after bowl of noodles, and also making the noodles! There seems to always be a long line at meal times, but it moves along pretty fast. The food also comes really fast (we waited maybe 5-10 min after our order for our food to come out).  If you're ever around Chelsea Market, check this place out and grab a bowl! :)
5 The noodles are indeed very fresh- you can watch them pulling them from the counter. The Dan Dan noodles were incredible. The menu had a warning about the spiciness- don't let that scare you off! I didn't find the level of spice to be over the top personally. Slightly numbing but packed with so much flavor.   I don't recommend getting their milk tea. Blandest boba I've ever tasted.
4 HAPPY HAPPY NOODLES.    I needed to goof off for about  1 1/2 hrs while waiting for work being done at the nearby Apple store, so I wandered into Chelsea Market... I've been there before, but with no time so I usually grabbed something and left.  This time, I had time to select, eat and relax.    So I picked very fresh noodles, and for $15 with tax and tip I got a big yummy flavorful bowl of noodles and meat.  I had time to enjoy every bite and every slurp.    I was full the whole day.  Noodles, spice, flavor, happy staff, chop sticks, and a spoon.  It was all good.
5 Had the mild Dan Dan noodles. The broth is insanely good. Could have it all day! The fat noodles added to the broth just takes the whole thing to a new level. This just became a staple for our trips to NY!  The only thing about this place is seating. They have a bar for eating, but it fills up quickly. I can see take-out being a popular option here.
5 Simply amazed by how incredibly delicious the food is here!! I got the fried dumplings and the beef chow fun and was blown away! The dumplings were crispy and stuffed with meat! Even though they were crispy, they still somehow kept a wonderful noodle-like texture. The beef chow fun was so flavorful and filling. I can't wait to go back and try more!!
4 This was excellent -- some the best "Americanized" Chinese we've had in the city. First visit, we came with a group of three and ordered way too much: egg rolls, spare ribs, fried dumplings, wonton soup, hot and sour soup, beef chow fun, duck lo mein, orange chicken, chicken fried rice, and beef with scallions. Our must-reorders were the dumplings and the egg rolls, with the chow fun, lo mein, and hot and sour soup being others that I think I'd have to get again. We really liked everything though.  Also, this was during COVID and we ate in their outdoor setup, which was perfect -- we essentially had our own private booth.
5 I wouldn't waste my time eating anywhere else in Chinatown! The food is great and the waiters are awesome
5 The best Chinese food in all of Manhattan. Hands down no comparison! Im a born and bred New Yorker and American Chinese food has been a staple in my diet for as long as I can remember and this place hits the spot every damn time. The best part is when you eat in and all the servers always smile and are so friendly. It's a great feeling visiting Wo Hop!
5 Always have loved the food here and make sure to include it in my visits. Any friends that haven't been to the city that want some bomb food we bring here. Glad to see they're still surviving this pandemic.
5 Stopped in yesterday 5 minutes before closing and was lucky enough to grab some food for takeout. I ordered 5 dishes and the price was reasonable. The food was delicious and just like I remembered! The portions are good as well. Nothing compares to NYC Chinatown! The food was still nice and hot by time I made it back to Long Island! Happy New Years to you guys! Please support local businesses and keep long standing restaurants like this one in business during these hard times!! Appreciate you guys!
5 The food is always great. You can't go wrong coming here any day, any time & don't forget to buy a t-shirt.
5 The best old school chinese place in the city hands down!
5 The one of the best Chinese food  spots in the city. Food  is always hot and delicious. The staff is professional and kind. Thankfully they have heaters set up for outside dinning.   Only downside is you have to eat outside and you don't get the real Wo Hop feel when you're not dining in the basement with all the old celebrity photos.
5 Everyone that works here is friendly.  Had the steamed dumplings (6 large dumplings), chicken and broccoli, and beef lo mein.   The dumpling sauce was great. The chicken and broccoli was excellent quality and the broccoli was cooked perfectly. The beef in the lo mein was also excellent quality. Everything was perfectly seasoned. Highly recommend.
5 Even though it's winter in a Pandemic, had a great experience dining at Wo Hop. They have outdoor tents set up with heaters, covering, and comfortable seating. Food came out quickly and very cleanly in take out containers with plastic wrapped utensils and was reasonably priced. Service was great and food very tasty. Would highly recommend Wo Hop!
5 What a wonderful experience!! This is a place I will continue to visit. It's delicious, who knows what will happen with China town after the pandemic but I hope it makes it through and continues to give everyone who visits there a memorable time.
1 Can confidently say one of the worst Chinese food I've ever had. I had the sesame chicken, my friend had the pan fried Cantonese noodles. Both of us have grown up in nyc and eaten in China town and nyc establishments for the last 20 years. I can cook better Chinese food without even thinking. From gloppy to flavorless and complete garbage quality the food ceases to surprise me with terribleness. Food now has me rushing to the bathroom. DONT EAT HERE!!!!
5 Five words--Flavor explosions in your mouth. There may be a line but it will be well worth the wait.
5 I like everyone else has been going to Wo Hop since I was a kid and I'm now 58. The food is amazing. The beef chow fun and pork fried rice was awesome. You MUST go there and you won't go anywhere else. I promise you that.
5 No matter how hard NYC government tries to end Wo Hop's decades of history, they roll with it. I dined here 2 days before the required quarantine in March 2020. Almost no one in the restaurant, but the staff kept their smiles and served up my favorites. I returned a couple of months later, under new pandemic rules.  Outdoor seating only, but the staff ran up and down the stairs to keep business active. People frequently confuse the servers concise conversations for rude. But, I've never been treated with anything but sincere professional courtesy. I've been back a half dozen times, even though I don't live in NY, including outdoor seating, limited indoor seating and take out. I've even been sitting outside in a torrential thunderstorm, and still enjoyed good food and good service because they went out of their way to move us in to an alcove and keep us dry. And, on every return, I've been greeted warmly, seated immediately, served quickly and enjoyed excellent NYC Chinese food.  Wo Hop is a legend in Chinatown for a reason. And, no matter how difficult the mayor and Governor try to destroy this historic location, I'll keep coming back for the history, the service, and the best Chinese food.
4 Much like a local Chinese restaurant. They offer outdoor dining and have a huge menu. Nice small Chinese restaurant with amazing flavors.
5 We went for lunch on Sunday and was there at 10:30 AM. They were getting ready to open so we went for a walk. At 11:00 AM, the outside seating was almost full and there was already a small group of people sitting downstairs. We chose to sit downstairs too. We ordered a vegetable lo mein to share and I asked for some shrimp on the side to go with my lo mein. They charge me three dollars and gave me a bunch of shrimp. It was delicious. We both got soup and eggrolls. They're always great.
5 This place is a nyc staple!!! Must go all the food is made fresh and HOT....I recommend the beef Chow fun
5 It has been a long time wait, but iam glad we were able to stop by and order $80 worth if food.   They all had mask on and was quick in having the food ready for pickup to enjoy at home. You must get the mustard. It will OPEN your nasal cavity,  but I enjoy it on my food.  Hope to treat the family again n the future.
4 Authentic Old School Chinese!!! ONLY eat downstairs!!! It's small, dated and cramped but so worth it!! The waiters are rude and abrupt but we've been coming for years so we are used to it. It's open 24 hours and has the best pricing for amazing food.  Also keep in mind the portions are HUGE so I wouldn't recommend a dish for each person because it's too much food.  Make sure to get the duck wonton soup! So good...
5 This place will always be my absolute favorite place to get chow fun. It's a true NY staple and I have been eating here my whole life. It's nice that they have outdoor seating setup during COVID - honestly creates a more pleasant experience than usual lol.
4 This place has always been a great New York institution. It always has a line but you make friends.
5 Wo hop is a classic that never disappoints.  Best dumplings, fried rice, spare ribs..any of the classics....cant go wrong with this place..just make sure to go to downstairs wo hop..not upstairs.  I dont know why..its just not the same upstairs.
5 We have been going to wohoo since 1981 Our 1st time was at 3:00 in the morning after a concert  They have the best wonton egg drop soup and dumplings  You can not duplicate them any where  We now live in Florida but visit at least once or twice a year  This year was diffuse had to take it out and it did not disappoint Our favorites 4 D chow fun chicken broccoli bock coy and roast pork with veg  It traveled well to long Island  Great seeing our favorite waiter Frank  We'll be back ‼‼
1 Don't get what all the raving reviews are about. Probably the most overrated mediocre Chinese you can find in NYC. Went tonight and got wonton soup, steamed dumplings, chicken chow fon and chicken lo mein. The lo mein and chow fon were probably some of the greasiest plain tasting noodles I've ever had. They were in a pool of oil with no flavor. I get that this place is an icon since the 1950s but I've had a lot better Chinese from pretty much every neighborhood Chinese place I've tried. Not worth the trip to Chinatown whatsoever. Also, it's a bit on the pricier side for plain Chinese.
5 Love this old time capsule of an eatery. It's my preferred chinese place in NYC to have boneless spare ribs, their veggie filled General Tso Chicken accompalined with a House special fried rice for two! Service is always on point & quick but never all at once so patience is key. & it happens often thatv when i come hungry you forget
5 Great gem in Chinatown! Haven't dined there but food is delicious and cheap! I recommend their fried chicken, garlic bak choy, and shrimp with walnuts. This place never disappoints. I haven't dined there, only take out but the food still tastes fresh even after bringing it home.
5 Ever since I moved to NYC three years ago I've heard of this place mentioned during Chinatown/Chinese food discussions but never managed to make my way here till now. I have to say that the hype is more than justified! It was some of the most delicious Chinese foods I've eaten in a long while. We got chicken lo mein, special fried rice, dumplings, cashew chicken and eggplant in garlic sauce. My fav was the eggplant in garlic sauce with the lomein a close second. Everything tasted great and the service was very prompt. They even served everything in take out containers so packing up leftovers was a breeze too!
4 Amazing spot to go to late night. Love everything on the menu, hot and sour was not my favorite though very thick. Duck and lo mein are great and recommend the dumplings
1 Very disappointed order takeout food tasted bland and soggy it was disgusting to be honest I threw out half the order I will not be going back their food used to be amazing I don't know what changed
5 I've been going to Wo Hop for years.  I'd say at least 20 years.  This is the quintessential Chinatown Chinese restaurant that is a dying breed.  They offer honest good quality meals at very modest prices.  I don't know why people expect 5 Star service and Michelin Star food when that's not what Chinatown is about.  It's about the food, the culture, and the experience.   During these tough times, we need to make sure businesses like this stay in business.  Trashing it with 1 star reviews based on unrealistic expectations are irresponsible.
4 The best and affordable food in Chinatown!!! I always go here but due to the pandemic they had a limit outdoor seating. And there was a confusion with who came first among the other customers but it was resolved. Just hope the hostess will be organized
1 Dinner for 3 at Wo Hop. Food was disgustingly awful. Egg rolls tasted just plain bad and I had gas which smelled like the egg rolls. The BBQ spare ribs were bland and tasteless with no flavor. The pineapple chicken was chicken nuggets in gloppy ducksauce and the chicken with string beans was just plain blah...the chicken died in vain.
5 The crab and lobster dishes were delicious, but the snails were our fav!
4 We had a big family gathering, and needed a spot to eat dinner. We originally wanted to do take out and eat it at the park or at home, but we saw that they had outdoor dining available. I am actually surprised at how well they handled such a big group on a short notice. They were discussing among their staff on how to best sit us so that we don't block other businesses, and still remain safe against other tables. Our group of 30 was able to comfortably fit in the different tables while still being distanced from other neighboring tables.  We went there for 2 days straight with the same amount of people. The first day, the food was mediocre.. but considering such a short notice--it was understandable. We decided to come here the next day on advanced notice to have early dinner again. The second day was way better; food was delicious and on point. This was the Wo Hop quality that I was used to.
5 Delicious food! I went to this restaurant before COVID and had to wait in line, but it was totally worth it!   My family ordered Chow Fun with Beef and we absolutely loved it. The dish was very flavorful and the beef was very tender. I also liked that the noodles were not drowned in gravy, unlike other restaurants. We also ordered Chicken Lo Mein, which I also recommend. A third dish we ordered was the Chow Mai Fun with shrimp. This was one of my favorite dishes because I am a sucker for shrimp and the dish was  flavorful and colorful. And I was definitely not disappointed with the amount of shrimp served. A fourth dish we ordered was clams with black bean sauce. This was my absolute favorite dish. The sauce is delicious and they were not cheap with the amount of sauce served. I was also able to use some of the leftover sauce for my rice. A final dish we ordered was the fried rice with shrimp. You can never go wrong with the classic.   The workers were kind and brought out the food in no time. My family and I were even given fortune cookies along with our bill, which was a special treat because we don't usually receive them anywhere else.  I especially liked the decoration of the restaurant. There were maybe a hundred pictures of random people on the wall that have visited the restaurant over the years. There were also dollar bills on the walls that were signed by customers. I have not seen that kind of decoration before, so it was refreshing to see. The only downside to my experience was that the seating was so close together, but this barely affected my experience.   Now I hear that the restaurant is open again during this pandemic for outside dining and I cannot wait to eat there again!
5 SOooo happy to see them re-open this week!!  As always, everything was excellent as we went almost every night this week.  A special shout out to the salty fish fried rice and the Peking pork chops tonight, which may have been the best ever had over the past decades!  This is like going home to your mom's kitchen for some good food for your soul.  Tears of joy to see them busy (take out and outdoor dining) given how Covid has impacted the hard working small businesses in Chinatown.  Do yourself a favor and go!  You won't regret it!
5 Long the iconic Chinatown NYC joint for inexpensive and tasty food at nearly any hour of the day or night, Wo-Hop has been "The Place."  Working in law enforcement and later in corporate security, my hours varied, but they always provided food that got me through the shift.
5 Loved this place! Definitely suggest giving it a try if you're in the area. It can be hard to miss, it's tucked down below. From the sidewalk, you'll see a bright red sign that has Wo Hop written in white letters! The food was delicious. The staff was sweet and friendly. The inside of the restaurant is on the smaller side but they make up for it with the cool decor. Dollar bills cover the walls and some pictures of guests and other miscellaneous things making it fun and interesting to look at. If you go and want to play ispy with your dinner date, look for the black and red "Stripe's Bustdown and catering" business card. We put that there :P
4 Unsure how anyone couldn't like the food at this place! Ambiance is definitely lacking as it's a small dinky place with a handful of beat up tables and walls and pictures that haven't been updated in years. However, the food is amazing! So simple and pretty much every time I've been there the food was great! The low mein is fantastic if that's your thing!
5 I've been coming to Wo Hop since I was 10 years old in 1971. Some of the waiters are the same all the way through the early 1990s, it's interesting how I've watch them age as I have aged.  At any rate the food has been consistent for decades. The fact that they're open literally all night has always been appealing to me. The menu is very diverse and the food is brought to your table in an extremely expeditious way, the pile it on all at once, they keep your tea pot full and that's pretty much Wo Hop at a glance. On a Saturday night you might encounter a short wait but generally speaking it's no more than 20 minutes. The restaurant is divided into two separate places, The downstairs section is the only available part that's open right now. The upstairs section is undergoing renovations as of February 2020.
1 Literally the worst chinese food I've had in all of NY (and I've had some bad experiences). We ordered sesame chicken, egg fried rice and a vegetable egg roll...basic, yes but we weren't in the mood to explore. We figured this would be the safest option at the moment. The rice was soooooo moist and mushy it could be flattened by the fork with no effort. I might as well have been eating rice pudding. It had absolutely no taste at all whatsoever. The sesame chicken was not even sweet...very confusing. This also had a bland taste to it. Then there was the egg roll, the cabbage and carrots inside were hard as rock so that was that. At least there was nothing wrong with my can of seltzer or I would've had a mental breakdown. I'm not sure what the rave is about, I've lived in NY my whole life (26 years) and have had much better food in china town and the rest of Manhattan.
5 Four of my friends and I visited on a Friday night. We were seated right away. Wonton soup, orange chicken, pork fried rice, and egg rolls were all amazing. Our server was the sweetest and when my friend ordered the wrong soup, he left and brought back the correct soup immediately. Great time!
5 I first start going to Wo Hop in the early 1970s. My buddies and I would have a fun Friday or Saturday night and when it was time for bed, we headed for Wo Hop. The food was tasty and cheap and the portions were generous. Even if we arrived at 2:00 am, it was customary to have to wait for a table. It was Manhattan Heaven.  I was there again not long ago the year my daughter lived in Brooklyn. We met there around 1:00 am.The food was tasty and cheap and the portions were generous. There was a line on the stairs. It was Manhattan Heaven.
5 So three out of three of my New York friends who are transplanted in Arizona said no matter what you do and where you go to eat make this one of your destinations. Walking down the street in Chinatown you make a quick right into the dungeon, you enter into this super old looking restaurant that's a little on the not so new/fresh look. Don't be scared, this is Chinese food heaven. Feel free to take a look at the pictures I posted, you can see for yourself. Portions are huge, food is just spectacular. So much flavor it's not even funny! I wish I could eat here a couple times just to try out multiple items on the menu. Maybe they'll deliver to Arizona, who knows.
5 Don't let the line or the location scare you off! Best Chinese food in New York. Giant portions and all the flavor. Love this place!
5 Most Chinese restaurants, note whether you are Asian, American or European. Spices are toned down for non-Asians. Many Chinese do eat here , so if you want traditional Chinese style you must ask for your food done that way if you do not appear Chinese.  Let them know if you are vegetarian / vegan ( and what kind of vegetarian you are -eggs, fish, etc) and they will accommodate you. Specify whether you want fish sauce in your food or not. Outside of letting people ahead of me, I have gone to Wo Hop since 1977 with no problems.
5 Love love love ! the portions are huge and it's sooo good. Although it's a bit cramped, after awhile you don't notice! wish I took a picture but I was so busy eating :)
2 Tourist trap.  The food here is your run of the mill takeout style food, there are much better places to eat in Chinatown!  The wait was super long and I wholeheartedly regret eating here.  We ordered: - Singapore mei fun - this had little flavor and was bland which is a shame, it had a good amount of meat in it but that was the only plus. - Mapo tofu - this was probably the worst mapo tofu I've ever had, it's a favorite of mine so it was incredibly disappointing and all the cornstarch made the sauce gelatinous and unappetizing. Plus it had no spicyness or ma numbing which is...pointless. - Wonton soup - the dumpling skins were very thick and there was little meat inside, all you tasted was the ginger. - Roast Duck side order - this was probably the best dish we ordered but it still wasn't great, the skin was chewy and the fat wasn't fully rendered but the flavor was fine and the meat wasn't dry.
1 I hate to write this review !! I have been going for many years. Every time I comeback to NY, I make sure We eat at Wo Hop. Today's visit will be our last. We ordered Egg Rolls, they definitely had freezer burn, and were so hard I almost cracked my tooth. We also ordered chicken and broccoli, it had no flavor. We also ordered beef with oyster sauce it was sliced beef, soaked in sauce. The Meal was very disappointing!
5 This spot is perfect!! Small and clean! Food was amazing! The waiters are calm and know how to communicate well. Most importantly for me, the place smelled like food and clean. Not like...a dirty mop like some places we all know of. This place just actually smelled clean and the food was so flavorful. I'll be returning here with more company!!
5 Amazing lobster dish, very authentic. Great for foodies. Veggies also good. Pea shoots.
1 Not what it used to be. I ordered sweet and sour chicken. The sauce for the chicken was very hot, but the chicken inside was cold which means the chicken was just sitting there and they tossed it in sauce. It was dry and chewy. It's definitely not made to order. I found hair inside my white rice, so disgusting. They sat me facing the front of the kitchen and I saw waiters grabbing dumplings with their bare hands putting them on plates, very gross. I can say with full confidence I'm never going back to this place.
4 I went to basement location at 15 Mott street. Atmosphere is interesting if you're looking for that old New York Chinatown. The good grit. It's an experience from the gruf waiters to trying to identify people in the old photos posted everywhere.  My food was good. It's basically Chinese takeout, I ordered fried bean curd and vegetables. Nothing fancy. Some of the other dishes I saw arriving at other tables were interesting. So if you eat meat have fun.  They keep your water glass filled. Bonus points from me. Definitely ask for chopsticks to complete your experience.
5 Been coming here for years and it never disappoints. Very small establishment with authentic Chinese food. Plates big enough to share  Quick service, cash only but ATM on site.
5 Me and a good buddy of mine were here recently andvwe both had the 4D lo mein and loved it. This is delicious old school chinese food, never mind the shoebox decor and surly waiters just enjoy the food.
4 Take the stairs down into a small restaurant. Good, authentic Chinese food. Don't come here expecting your typical American Chinese takeout.
3 Nice place came here and enjoyed the vibe and facilities nice area to eat with the guys lomien on point you need to get some
5 Time Visited: 3am Sunday (but technically the end of a Saturday night out...) Wait Time: None!   Food: The food here is the BOMB after a night out and the shrimp broccoli, lo mein, lemon chicken, and yang chow fried rice all hit the spot. However, you really aren't coming here for the food you come for the vibe and late night memories ~~    Vibe: The real reason to visit Wo Hop is for a classic NY 3am drunk experience. It dates back to 1938 and I recommend heading down the stairs instead of the first floor. A true NY legend, you'll see pictures of former Broadway stars and celebrities on the walls.
5 Try the one downstairs.  Great food and atmosphere. Where the locals eat!   Ton of food for the $$$.  Make sure you go hungry!!  Open 24x7
5 Big fan of wo hop. Have been eating there  on and off for over 40 years. Highly recommend!
4 Walked in to avoid sheets of rain and was pleasantly surprised. The staff is very friendly and funny. The fried rice and chicken were delicious, not the biggesT fan of there steamed dumplings but overall great. I will say the place is tiny, so be prepared to wait a bit to be seated but then ju St soy and enjoy!
1 Ugh I hate to do this since I loved WoHop BUT my health and yours is first and foremost. The eve of Chinese New Year we decided to go into the city and have dinner. We ordered soup and WoHop steak. Normally both good. Soup came and had a little fruit fly in it. Obviously we sent it back. I grab a piece of the Chinese broccoli from the WoHop steak and take a bite, while looking at the rest on my fork I see a BABY ROACH!!!!!!! WTF WOHOP?! Really?!   AND THEY HAVE AN A RATING. We loved you WoHop but that shows you don't clean your food properly or at all. I'm not looking to get sick after giving you my money.
5 Insanely good. If you see a line out the door, wait in it if you have the time. It's worth it!!! Get the eggplant and beef WOW
1 Wo Hop is what you would call a 老字號 , a long-standing staple in Chinatown. I guess it's glory days are long gone as I had the displeasure of dining here with what was one of the worst meals I've had. It's your typical greasy dishes but when I say there was absolutely no taste, wow, I never thought it was possible. I often find the taste of Chinese cuisine to be a bit on the bolder side but have never experienced a situation where no flavor was present.  On top of that, gratuity was included on our bill that I ended up missing so I paid even more than I should have for an atrocity of a meal.
4 Love the food! Hate the wait.  Everyone knows that! But don't EVER change! This is the real Chinese food I remember as a kid growing up in  NYC.
5 Guess we went at a good time as there was no line or wait. Ordered fried dumplings,  which were amazing! It's the 2nd best thing I ate while in New York city. Sesame chicken was delicious and the egg drop soup was very flavorful. Read some complaints about the staff, but I never tasted them so I have no complaints.  Small dining room, big wonderful flavor filled goodness in every bite. Great, now I want dumplings but I'm 3000 miles away...
4 The food is authentic Chinese food I can't see why this place fills up so quick. Not to much space in there but you can always order out and enjoy a good take out. We were visiting from FL and will deff be coming back here when we are in the area. My favorite was the beef and broccoli and the duck with noodles
4 Great place for chinese food. Stays open late. I've been going to them for years. Great spot for munchies after a night out. Love, love their salt & pepper wings. A must order. The food is very flavorful. You can order individual meals or order family style. There's an upstairs and a downstairs location. Both taste as great I just prefer the upstairs more. Menus come in both english and chinese for easy ordering. Highly recommended. Don't take my word for it go try it for yourself and let me know what you think.
4 Has been an old reliable Canton Chinese restaurant with authentic food for the last 50+ years!!!
2 It's ok.  It's a fun room. But the food isn't great. It's kinda like diner Chinese food. It's ok. But you could do better.  Just saying.
5 Great food I try to get there every chance I can get. All of there food is great. The people r nice and the service is fast.
4 This unassuming basement restaurant is a testament to quality over atmosphere. The service is quick, attentive, and most importantly serves up delicious Chinese food around the clock. Perhaps not the best or healthiest either but the quality is excellent.
2 The other day my wife and I passed by this place, saw a huge line and figured it must be good.  Today we saw there was no line so we figured we'd try it.  We were both disappointed with our meal.  It lacked spice and flavor.  Nothing was good enough to justify the huge line.    I would describe this as good drunk Chinese food.  It's good when you're drunk but not when you're sober.
2 Ahhhh Wo hop. Another late night at the grease fest. I ordered the eggplant with beef. That was good. Hubs ordered General Tsi and he had no complaints. I gave the waiter a $5 tip and he was requesting more money. Hellooooo you didn't even give me dry freakin noodles and only came to my table once. Wo Hop you're lucky I've been coming to you for over 23 years otherwise I would kiss u goodbye! Change your attitude because times have changed and there is strong competition out there.   Ps. Your 4D Lo Mein sucks!! The meat is bland and your noodles have no flavor.
3 We arrived to the restaurant to find out it was so full you had to do a big line to enter. Then, we find out that they have 2 restaurants (apparently it is the same food) one is in the basement (the one with the line) and the other one was next to it but in a street level. When we get there the place was not so full but still we have to wait a lot of time. The waitress were not friendly at all and, even though we get there first, they decided to sit other people first. After we managed to have a sit, we ordered two plates. They were good and the amount of food is okay to share. Overall the food was ok, but the place is not so pleasant. Also, you can't pay with a credit card.
4 A staple in C-town! Great authentic Chinese food, no frills type of place.  I've had many dishes here but my faves are the flat noodle (beef, chicken or shrimp are all good), Chinese broccoli, chicken broccoli (a favorite here) and wonton soup. The dumplings are ok. Enjoy it with a pot of hot tea!   Wo Hop has been around forever. Word has gotten out and it's become a tourist attraction now. The wait time can be long and service can be slow due to their business.
4 THE REAL NY  CAME AT 2 am for service and received it, wide awake. This denver-ite was impressed by the wait outside the door in the stairwell from above.  LOUD NEW YORKERS make me think this isn't a tourist trap. But a local favorite  DELICIOUS. The wontons are amazing. Not your typical cream cheese. I don't know what meat we ordered lol  and my lo mein was  BIG portion. Get some wontons and share a plate w your boo!  The view of every worker working hard at this time of night makes me think they love what they do!
1 went here last night with a group of about 15 people, my friend and i had about a half of plate of food left when we had asked for containers-- they didnt give us containers. instead they took our plates to the back and gave us MAYBE HALF of the food that was on our plates in tiny to go containers. i was sketched out by my chicken and broccoli dish due to the fact that all of my broccoli was different temperatures and some were crunchy and some were soft. like they have been from someone elses dish. my friends beef lo mein-  in her to go conta
4 Whenever I'm in the area I have to stop into Wo Hop for some delicious Chinese food. I usually come with a group of friends late night and the wait is always under 10 minutes. The service is fast and the food comes out even faster. I'm not sure if that's a bad thing, but I'm consistently stuffed and satisfied after every visit to Wo Hop. Definitely, definitely a "hole-in-the-wall" joint, as others have described, but do not be intimidated by the basement entry and compactness of the interior. The food is so worth it and you will not regret stopping in.
5 This Place Has been here forever. I recommend getting  pork Pork Fired rice, clam with black bean sauce, wonton soup and chicken with baby corn.. Do expect a long wait. It is worth it for some good old school Chinese food.
5 Love this place. Get more food for the $.  Food is on another level of your typical chinese takeout food.  Will come again when around the city.
4 This place has pretty fast service, thank goodness because the waiting is a bit awkward. There isn't exactly a selarate waiting in the front so you are actually just standing in the middle of the dinner room where there are boiths on either side of you with people waiting and you have to move for people leaving.  One of the most popular dishes here seemed to be the fried dumplings so we got those and they were pretty decent. I would order them again because they're pretty tasty and on the larger side too. Another dish that was a hit for me was their duck fried rice which I don't think I've had before but I was pleased with it. A classic I usually get from asian restaurants is tomato beef noodle but this one was off for me. I can't put my foot right on it but it must've been the seasoning or something because it was just not good at all. The ribs we got were pretty worth it portion wise. The scallop dish had lots of flavor that needed to be shared with the tomato beef noodle. I really enjoyed those scallops so really the only miss was the tomato beef noodle dish.  I'd come back to try other dishes, hopefully something else with scallops and maybe crab too.
5 My father has been going to WoHops since the 80s with his college buddies & still continue to meet up at least once a year in the downstairs location.  I've eaten both upstairs and downstairs and I prefer to go downstairs if possible although tables are limited. The atmosphere is almost like it hasn't changed since the 80s to be honest but it definitely adds to the aura of the celebrities' autographed pictures hung on the wall and dollar bills scotch taped. Get over it, it's a NYC basement converted into kitchen it's clean and delicious.  Highly suggest the salt squid and famous steam pork dumplings which come drenched in delicious sauce- ask for extra sauce trust me.   Everything you order is fresh and the staff you'll recognize if you return again, it seems it's been the same people there for years.   Enjoy!
2 I recently came here with my friends, we wanted to experience Wo Hop since we had heard so many great things about it, the famous 99 cent rice. Was a big sell to us, since we are broke college kids. The atmosphere is so cute, very classic style, I was expecting good things from this place. We have not eaten all day so we ordered a decent amount of food. We proceeded to eat and leave. Hours later I was struck with a pain in my stomach I quickly ran to the bathroom and proceeded to get sick. A few hours later I received texts from my friends saying they were also feeling ill as well. Overall, Wo Hop's was good but it did cause more than one person in the party to get sick. I would not recommended Wo Hop to ANYONE!   Thank you have a nice day everyone and be careful!
5 This is my kind of place to eat good chinese food....and its an overnight place when you get out from a late night movie head on over to get good food and good friendly staff to keep the good night going. The food is amazing my special dish is the fried dumplings ohhh so good. And the staff is very interested in the customers they are very nice to you....I love it there and it's always a good get away spot but every small and worth the wait.
5 Small place, CASH ONLY.  The restaurant has a basement style entry so make sure you're on the lookout for it. Be prepared to wait a little bit if it's the weekend. Its a small restaurant.  I had an amazing experience here. The food was delicious and fairly priced. Great portions for sharing.  We ordered the duck fried rice which was amazing. General tso chicken which was really good, came with too many vegetables in my opinion but was still tasty, and crispy honey beef which was delicious as well.  For appetizers they bring you some complimentary crispy noodles, and we also ordered a small egg drop soup which is a really nice sized amount, along with chicken wings.  Everything was truly delicious, and came out pretty quickly seeing as how they were packed. I dont think we waited even over 20 min for our food after we sat down.  So all in all, great food, quick service, good portions, fair prices.  Would come back anytime.
5 Authentic Chinatown restaurant. Great food. Fun service. Expect to wait a little. Have fun. Enjoy. Best Chinese food anywhere.
2 After a night of drinking a group of us decided that food from Wo Hop would absorb all the alcohol we had consumed.   The steamed pork dumplings and the vegetable dumplings had minimal flavor and the dipping sauce was simply brown tasteless water.  Soup was thin and lacked seasoning.  Spare ribs way to fatty. The shrimp in the shrimp lo mein were rubbery.   The fried rice was really good and did its job by absorbing all of the evening's cocktails.   Service was excellent.
4 Classic NY "dirty" chinese. This place looks like a hole in the wall but it will be the best chinese (not real chinese from chinatown) that you can order.   They're really fast and its always really good food. I love their broccoli, its perfectly cooked everytime!   Its a pretty popular spot so you may experience a wait but they move fast so you'll be seated in no time. Its a little small but not uncomfortable.   The place itself is cool because they have pics and autographs of people who've been there over the years who are famous. Its dope.   The only cons- they dont deliver and its cash only. It amazes me when places are cash only still.
2 I was traveling to New York and my father recommended going to Wo Hop. He said "anything in the black bean sauce is just amazing".   Well, I took my date to Wo Hop... and while it was clearly an authentic Chinese American experience the food was at best mediocre, the environment was mediocre... it was a disappointment overall.     Once again, my dad proves that he doesn't have very good taste
4 Our hotel bell hop recommended this place to us. It was really good I got the vegetable lo mein. I didn't care for their vegetable eggs rolls.
5 Great food and service once you got in. It is a small place but worth the wait. There's just something about their flavors that make it taste better than any other Chinese food place we have had. Tasted fresh, the noodles were nice and thick, the dumplings were amazing... and everything else was equally impressive. Worth the wait in line. Cash only, though! That's ok, just come prepared. There is an atm in the restaurant and a Citibank atm on the corner just in case you forget.
2 This food was alright nothing to brag about just oily and pretty tasteless....but they were open and we were hungry....it was a lil pricey but everything on Canal St is expensive late at night
4 After celebrating my birthday on a Tuesday night in a lounge near Chinatown, I decided to check this spot out with a group of people. One of my friends have been there before, I havent but I know he is a foodie. It was around  4am so I was impressed this place was opened. I was a little skeptical the fact it was downstairs in the basement, like a hole in the wall spot. Dollar bill wall interior with old Asian men ready to assist with their thick accents. It's a very tight space. I ordered the Lobster Szechuan Style with brown rice. I really didnt know what to order so I copied what my friend order. When the waiter came from behind the kitchen to our table, I can just smell the fresh seasoning steaming into the air as he placed the food on the table. In my head I was like I know this is gonna to be good just based off the smell. The food was A1 and well seasoned. I have to say, I wasn't disappointed and I was happily satisfied. I actually returned to this spot Friday after work and it was packed but I happened to get a seat and ordered the same ol thing. Lobster Szechuan style. My new GEM
4 Working overnight in the area, this place is pretty well known.  Cash only, it's always pretty busy.  Luckily I was grabbing a to go order.  I got the fried dumplings.  They were big, pillowy and golden brown.  They have a bit more wrapping around them than most places.  With that said they are delicious.  The pork inside is flavorful and goes very well with the sauce.  I also got myself an order of pork fried rice.  The fried rice is a bit greasy, but tasty.  You really get a good amount of pork and egg.  I like using the rest of the dumplings ginger sauce along with some soy sauce.  It's a good, filling meal.  Very busy, but well worth it.
5 When looking for Chinese food in Chinatown New York it can be slightly hard especially when there are a few restaurants every block or so. I did my research on Yelp and found this place! When in line I spoke to a few people who have been faithful customers for years! The rice is great! The chicken is bomb! The lo mein was tasty and not too soft. I hadddd to get some to go! Amazing food.
4 This place is one of the many gems in Chinatown. Make sure you go to the one in the basement tho. Anything you get here is going to be filled with amazing flavor and all the food is very fresh. Going with a group is the best. Order 5/6 dishes and just dig into some amazing Chinese food family style. Definitely a must stop if I'm the area. My favorite dish is the lobster in ginger sauce soo good
2 Very disappointed in my visit back home this time.  The food was definitely not up to their regular standards (or mine...especially coming up from VA and salivating).  I've been coming here for over 40 years (the only place my dad would ever go) and I was very disappointed.  Won't keep me away though...they are my go to! Their wonton soup is the best anywhere, ever!!!
2 Yea the food was good but its a cramped and dirty restaurant. The waiters are not attentive whatsoever. I will not be returning.
5 If you want authentic Chinese food, please come to Wo Hop. Their food is fresh and absolutely delicious! Nothing else in the city compares to this Chinese restaurant. I've been coming here since I was a child with my parents and the quality has never changed. It's only gotten better throughout the years. It doesn't matter what day of the week you plan on coming by, expect a line that goes up the stairs and around the restaurant. Cash only. Tip generously and enjoy the experience.
2 We came to NY to experience the hype; Chinese food & Pizza.  While we had no clue were to eat good Chinese food, we read several internet reviews and Yelp.  It all lead us to this place.  Once we found the restaurant, we saw a line of people waiting outside and thought we had found a hidden jewel... boy were we mistaken.  We ordered vegetable egg rolls to start off, and I thought they were bland; however, the duck sauce made it better.  We noticed the portions were sizable, so we opted to order 2 dishes.  We ordered pork fried rice and orange chicken.  The rice was great, but the chicken was once again, bland!  My husband usually orders orange chicken from the local Chinese food restaurant in our neighborhood, and although I'm not a huge fan of theirs, it serves a much tastier orange chicken than Wo Hop.  The service was what we expected, rushed. The restaurant is cramped and needs a good scrub. Needless to say, we both agreed we'd had better elsewhere.  We won't be back here on our next trip.
1 Ordered sesame chicken and veggie fried rice. Yuck. This was the second chance I gave them. Both times disappointing. Never again.
4 Long lines, small spot. Been open since 1938. Egg rolls are a must. We ordered a beef, shrimp and lo mein. Each were really good. Cash only.
4 Tasty food! Good sized portions and most of the waiters are funny and give great service. Great place to try while on vacation in NY
5 Any Chinese food restaurant located on a small, dark street with the smell of urine wafting through the air as you make your way towards the door. HUGE BOOM. Not to paint a terrible picture or say this was my exact experience but let's be honest. ANY hole in the wall that is hard to find or not always in the most outstanding environment is ALWAYS the best food. Made with love from the home and sought after through all hours of the night.  We came, we ate and we conquered. Well, we tried to conquer. Eyes were way bigger than our stomach and I wish I could have grown 3 more to keep eating all night. The food was out of this world. So flavorful and left you wanting more after each bite. We ordered more food then we could possibly eat (crispy chow mein *DEAR GOD PLEASE ORDER THIS*, fried rice, orange chicken, fried wings, rolls, spicy beef - I think that was it?) and had so many left overs. It was packed and the people kept rolling in as the night went on. This place is clearly a staple for many and I'm glad we found our way here.
4 I've been coming here for years. Is there a better Chinese/American restaurant in all of NYC? It's not authentic Chinese so don't expect authentic Hunan and Cantonese. The dishes are very starchy and that may not be your thing. The portions are tremendous and prices are very affordable and menu is very extensive. Dishes are served on fine china but their tea is not. Here is the dish I order every time...The spicy fried fish fillet. It's the stuff of dreams!   Just so you know they may rush you out if there's a line outside so I sometimes takeout because their dining area is very tiny and cramped. It's a unique experience though and I feel as if I'm eating in someone's private dining room.
5 When in Chinatown Wo Hop is a MUST. Probably my favorite lo mein in nyc. Fried wontons are lit af too. They're open super late too which clutch if you've had a few drinks lol.
2 Poor service, food is Ok, congee was bad! The waiter had his fingers in our water as he brought it to our table, should I say any more than that!
5 If you're a legit New Yorker, a college student, been hung over, or stoned, between about 1938, and today, you know Wo.   A lot of places come and go, but there's only one Wo.   The food rocks. Simple traditional excited with accuracy from generations of preparation. I love the chow fun, but everything is good.  They have a vast menu, but I love their roast pork chow fun. It's stir fry infused with memories of my college days at NYU Film, and of dragging many a film crew over here after a late night shoot.   The vibe is pure time warp. Old school, top of the line cheap Chinese cuisine, without a lot of pop or pretense.   The walls are covered in dollar bills with well wishes from guests famous, and unknown. Movies, and TV shows are about the only thing that closes down the restaurant that closes at 4:30a, and opens at... 4:30a.   Service? It's all relative. Literally. They're relatives. Prices have only gone up slightly in 35 years. It's a bah-gan.  The upstairs restaurant is the tourists, started when white 50s families found basement dining scary. Today, downstairs is the only game. Go go go. You'll love Wo!
5 Always really good. It's our family's go to restaurant when everything in Chinatown having a banquet and is fully booked. Wo hop always has a table available and every time I enjoy the two lobsters with ginger scallion, fried fish, saluted fish fried rice, sat and pepper jumbo shrimps. They make everything ...even off the menu items. So good!
2 Well, it's open late which was good. But other than that, we really muscled our way through this meal. If you're looking for authentic Chinese food, this isn't your scene. We wandered in at 1am without much expectations and still felt we blew a nyc meal opportunity here. I'd recommend steering clear, and see if you can find an alternative place while you're still on Yelp.
5 This is a real gem hidden in Chinatown in NYC. They have great food and good ambience. The service is a five star taking into account that you are in NY. And the best is that they are open until 4am!
4 It was 2am and I had the "munchies". It wasn't a pay week so I needed something hearty and cheap.  Ding ding ding. Wo Hop.  My boyfriend and I wandered to Chinatown and here we were.....American style Chinese food.  No Asians eating here , so I already knew this was going to be your neighborhood Chinese style cuisine with tables.  Nothing to rave about. Portions are huge. Service is standard. Taste is typical. I will return!  Ummm not a date spot....
5 This place was packed, but worth the wait. Cheap eats amazing taste. I recommend the lobster with ginger sauce and steamed dumplings. All the noodle are amazing definitely coming back when I visit New York
5 Excellent Chinese food.  The Duck is the best I ever had.  It's fresh and not games.  The orange chicken is awesome.  We devoured the food.  Another 5 star spot, anyone who gives it less is a moron.
3 Meh, I've had better Chinese food in Jersey. We figured we'd give it a try since we were in the city with relatives from down south who were looking for decent Chinese food, since the chinese restaurants in their neck of the woods are not so great. That said, they absolutely loved it. My mom and I, on the other hand, were not too impressed. We had to wait in a cramped, dingy, smelly stairwell for well over 20 minutes with people coming into and out of the restaurant, constantly hitting us with the door. These stairs are STEEP. When we finally got in, we ordered our food. Fried wontons drenched in grease. Mu Shu pork was bland, sesame chicken was much too gooey, and the service was..well..what you would expect from a restaurant in the heart of chinatown. Very abrupt, get you in and get you out attitude. We kept running out of water, and it was difficult to flag down a server. It seems like once they saw out the corner of their eye that you were seated and had a water pitcher and your food, you were fine and that that was their green light to completely ignore you until it was time to hand you your check. Not cool. Plus, the place had a funky smell and the servers' uniforms were filthy. I know dining out in the city can be a completely different ballgame from dining out where we live, but the last thing we need is diarrhea or illness on an hour+ commute home. Dollar bill decor was pretty cool, but that was about it. Oh, and my uncle accidentally handed the tip to the wrong server who immediately pocketed the money after my mom told him it was for our server. Way to go the friendly fire route, buddy. Again, not cool.   We'll stick to the chinese joints in our neck of the woods that are just as good if not better, MUCH friendlier/faster service, similar pricing/portions, and where we don't have to wait in a seedy stairwell like sardines in cans...gross.
5 We wanted good Chinese food and that's what we got. Dumplings, roast pork with vegetables, yum. I'd eat anything on the menu. Everything coming out of the kitchen looks delicious.
5 No frills Chinese restaurant with endless photos of celebrities and signed dollar bills on the wall. Don't come here expecting 5 star service and friendly smiles. Although the guy who does the cashier is pretty friendly. They don't seem to care about all the tourists coming in to eat and take pictures. They're just like "here's a menu what do you wantLots of regulars in the place who can order without even looking at the menu. Large portions and very fair pricing. Ordered ginger scallion lo mein (but asked for it spicy) and the salt & pepper shrimp. Absolutely excellent. I like my lo mein a little drier the way they make it and not as much sauce. The salt and pepper shrimp were large and delicious. A must for people who like New York style Cantonese and Szechuan Chinese food.
5 Best Chinese food you will EVER taste. Everything is made fresh to order and their crunchy noodles are delicious.   The place itself has a very cool appearance . It's a small restaurant in China town that you access by going underground. It's always packed because it's the bomb, obviously. They also have dollars signed by customers layering the wall which looks awesome!  As far as the food goes, you can't go wrong. You will NEVER eat Chinese food anywhere else because the quality of the meat used is incomparable!!!!
4 The food was good, however the location is very small and you have to wait in line to sit inside. The portions are big which make it a perfect place to share/split food we ended up taking a large portion home with us because we could not finish it between the three of us. The only other downfall was the fact that it is a cash only restaurant.
5 Wo Hop is the place to be for authentic Chinese food. Thank God not too many rich unhappy people here. This is a working person's filling station. You have not been to the best until you have visited. All male staff of waiters and servers to answer all your questions and keep your water or saki glass full. Everything was a 10 out of 10. No surprise here as Chinese people are the hardest working, kindest most ambitious people on the face of the earth( Can I say this as I know it's NYC and everyone here is offended by something everyday) Sorry to all you haters and you know who you are, the Hamptons type.
4 Cash only took me down to four stars here. Rice wasn't as tasty as I would've liked but for a late night eat, everything stuck well. Cool 80s atmosphere. Felt like I was in an 80s movie. Same dirt from the 80s, same photos, same outfits and uniforms (possibly the same people).   Cool nostalgic late night eats.
4 The food there was quite good, I got the roast pork noodles while my friends got the pork chop. The service was a little spotty, with the servers coming once in a while. Food was a little oily, but definitely met my expectations and went well above it. Would not hesitate to go again.   The roast pork noodles were around $8 before tip and tax, well within a decent budget for a good meal. It came quite quickly.
3 My first Chinatown experience.  Not a fan of the area.   Summertime garbage smells, crowded streets, expensive parking.  But as they say, you need to try everything once   Do not even attempt If you have physical disabilities of any kind.   You need to stand in a steep stairwell while waiting for a table to open up.  And if you're the first one on line you will repeatedly get hit with a door.   Once you enter there are hardly any tables.  Very very tight tables and no room to move.  Plan to slide into a tiny restroom sideways should you need to   Now the food.   It's good Chinese food.  Don't get me wrong but it's Chinese food   Plain and simple served by waiters who just want you in and out and have no personality at all.  So don't expect any conversation.    So now I did it once.  I ate.  It was reasonable.  About $35 for 4 people but would I go back?  No. The parking cost is $50!   Since we could not find a parking space on the street
2 Not very good and the staff was pretty rude. Food was very bland with no level of spice. Would not go back.
2 it really is the biggest hole in the wall.. i have very high expectations going here, because people always bragged about it. well it did not live up to hype at all. the atmosphere basically ruined it. the smallness just made me think what the kitchen looked like. i was disgusted. the chicken i ordered was absolutely gross. it did not look like chicken at all. the beef was alright. the shrimp fried rice was the only good thing. i will never go back.
2 So we actually went to the upstairs location a few weeks prior and had some great food off the menu and things that were not on the menu. All was delicious and sizable portions. When we walked out we noticed that the original location was downstairs next-door so we felt a little foolish. I'm sure we're not the only ones that had the same experience. After we decided to come back and try the original I can tell you honestly that we will not be returning as it was dirty and had rude waiters and stuff. They practically threw the dishes on our table and didn't even say anything nice. I guess it's more for tourists and regulars who don't care and how they are treated by the staff. Definitely get cheap service for cheap food. Can't say that it was tasty or better than any other standard Chinese food. Will probably go back to the one upstairs but definitely not to this dirt hole.
5 Super good food in an endearingly, laid back environment. I just feasted there with a bunch of friends.
3 Waited about 20 m for a table and the food was good,  but I like Hop Kee better a few doors down.
5 Best Chinese food we had in NY! Ate in the upstairs part. We got steamed  dumplings/  chow main/ my brother ordered the seafood fried rice. My mom ordered the chop suey with lo main / dad ordered general tao's or however you spell it spicy chicken it was really good. I branched out to try something new and got the crab and pork special and it was like a plate overflowing of crab and pork looking stew and was really hard to eat. Everything came in huge portions so we just passed them around to everyone. They also served us hot tea.
3 I heard amazing things about this place, but it was just OK. I ate in the downstairs location and waited on line for about 40 minutes or so with my dad.  Wasn't worth the wait.
5 Open 24/7, huge menus, 2 unique dining areas. Don't expect to leave this family friendly Chinese restaurant dissatisfied. I always order extra meals to take home and eat the next day. Couldn't be happier with the quality of the food. Service can be questionable at times, but 9 times out of 10 it's top notch.
2 Wo Hop is to Chinese food as Olive Garden is to a fine Italian restaurant. What was good 25 to 30 years ago is crap today. Everything tasted that same with this weird glaze over it. Americanized Chinese food. Went for nostalgia, but will never go back. Much better Chinese options.
5 One of the best chinese places i've been to. We were visiting all the way from the west coast and looking for chinese food and found this from a quick search. We were not expecting a line but it went by pretty fast and since there were 2 of us we were sat before others. Definitely worth the wait since the portions were fairly large and the menu had many different options. I got the vegetable spring rolls and the roast pork chow fon. It is cash only and tip is included in the bill. Will recommend to others and would gladly return.
1 Mediocre food and bad service. I ordered the cantonese chow me with pork and it tasted old/stale like it was reheated when I ordered it. It came 5 minutes after I ordered it, suspiciously fast for fresh food. Waiter refused to take it back when I complained thay it tasted stale, couldn't even finish the food. Waste of money.
5 Not sure what all the haters are complaining about. Have been going here for over 40 years. It is old school "American Chinese" with some Chinese specials as well. You don't stay in business for over 60 years by serving bad food. Large portions make it easy to share with your tablemates. If you don't see what you are looking for, ask - they will make it if they have the ingredients. If your looking for a fancy dining experience go somewhere else otherwise this is the only place to go.
1 I recommend to avoid here. This is place may be good when they 1st establish Chinatown and when there is no competition. I believe Anthony Bourdain , either He was here 50 years ago, or was fooled by someone else. A lot of LEGEND in Chinatown never improve themselves, cannot compete with newer improved Restaurants.  Just to name a few, joe's shanghai. They were good when they were only 1 making Soup Buns. Nom Wah Tea Parlor. They were the only place offer Dim Sum at 1 point. All these LEGEND never improved over the years, still survived and supported by crowd read HISTORY CRITICS or Believe in Anthony Bourdain not knowing he was DEAD DRUNK when you praise Wo Hop. Anthony, I really respect you, but leave Chinese food to Chinese.
4 DUMPLINGS ARE SO GOOD! We got broccoli beef, Fried rice, General Tso chicken, sesame chicken, and 4D Chow Mein. All of it was good except for the beef dishes. Their beef tasted off. The chow mein, sesame seed chicken and General Tso's chicken were BOMB. I will go back just for the dumplings. Also, the service is pretty slow.
5 Liked the restaurant very much. Food hot and very good. Service was kinda slow but adequate. Waiter was not rude or surly, actually very nice. Will be back next trip
2 this place is a NYC Chinatown staple.... but the food and experience are really disappointing. There is always a long wait. It's also nearly impossible to come here with a group since it's so tiny. The waiters are not friendly and make you feel really rushed. The food is mediocre. There are many other food options in this area.  if you're interested in trying out a famous place and don't care too much about the taste of your food or quality of service, come back. My in-laws enjoy this place so that's the only reason I've gone. ‍
4 Let's be clear that this the one in the basement at 17 Mott.  When I was seated, the waiter brought me a glass of ice water and a glass of tea without even asking(and appreciate.). The decor is filled with pictures of customers and dollar bills on the walls. The beef and Chinese mushrooms over rice was your classic Cantonese fair.  The Mushrooms were nice and big and the beef was tender with a sufficient amount of gravy to go around.  A Chinatown staple for over half a century, any local should at least pay a visit at least once to have the experience of eating at a part of NYC Chinatown history.
2 Meh. I would never recommend it. Pork fried rice tasted like old grease. Wo Hop lo mein was saucy/oily. All pork in those dishes had chunks of fat in them. (Gag.) Fried wontons were greasy; filling was okay. I'm only giving it 2 stars because of the defaced dollar bills taped all over the walls. Reading some of them made me laugh.   Basically, I paid for laughs.
5 The food and service is great, we asked a couple different people in Chinatown for food recommendations in and everyone we asked directed us here. There was a five minute wait and we already knew what we wanted to order before we sat down, so we ordered and the food came out in a couple of minutes. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the soups (especially the hot and sour) were amazing! Go here if you want delicious food that's served fast!
4 Service was fast and food was overall good. The only complaint is that the chicken in my pineapple chicken was really overdone but the sauce was great so it ended up tasting pretty good! Steamed dumplings were perfect
5 Wo Hop's is Wo Hop's and no other place is. You know when you climb down the stairs you're stepping into a time and place when Chinese food was this way. Saw Frank's SUV at the curb and decided to say hi. You can't have a regular table at Wo Hop's so you never know. Commissioner Reagan was in the back right corner at a table where I once found a switchblade on the floor. The waiters are the same as years ago and their light blue jackets are iconic. Frank picked up my tab.
5 Everything we ordered was delicious. Wish I could go back to try more. My favorite was the duck fried rice. Will go back when I return to NYC.
5 This place I went there for decades and yet they still in business , the same good food and believe it or not the same old workers.Excellent Cantonese food
3 Came here 8 years ago and it was definitely 5 stars then. Have been back a couple more times & each time food was just meh. I mean, the foods gotta be great because you're not here for the ambience, correct?   Yesterday evening was the last straw. Came for take-out (thank god); ordered Kung pao chicken, extra spicy ( repeated this twice) and noodles with pork in black bean sauce. Got home - I had some kind of chicken in a gravy no spice whatsoever; I had to add sriracha; what can I say - it was edible. I opened the noodles and they smelled funky - kinda like that smell when you walk into a dirty Chinese grocery store. Clumpy noodles, sauce did have lots of bbq pork tho. I will say they were generous with the quantity.... I dumped out enough food for at least 2 more meals.
5 Really good food! Large portions so order accordingly. The veggie chow fun was delicious! The Lo mein was really good! Egg drop soup was amazing
4 Was in the area for business. I asked someone on the street for the best Chinese nearby and wo hop was his recommendation. I was not disappointed. Great, fresh Chinese food in generous portions, I took half of my lunch home with me. Yum!
3 My first experience at WoHop 17 Motts, downstairs. I went very early say 11am on a Tuesday morning(I was off that day). It is a small space nothing fancy, a lot of pictures on the wall. The Staff were hand making wontons and or dumplings. The waiter was eager, almost too eager because he was sorta stalking me, and considering It was just me and the workers that got on my nerve. The plates are old, with a lot scrapes in them. They can look dirty but they weren't. I ordered the eggroll(They come 2 for 5.80) and Beef with Broccoli, I almost never order that entry at a Chinese restaurant because it never tastes or looks right. However, I am going to say here it look and tasted like Beef and Broccoli/w White Rice. Additionally it tasted "clean" not over greasy or anything. I am going to say I Loved the egg rolls. T I intend to visit again and have a different entrée, at which time I may edit this review.
1 do not come here they have bugs in the food and they still charge you still have to pay full price!!   do not go there   flies and roaches !!!
1 Extremely rude service. We had an extra member of our party join us and the "waiter" whatever he is was telling us I thought you said 11 and complained about it. He then moved us for whatever reason not saying why. Definitely not coming back.
5 Dined upstairs for our first time based on a recommendation of someone leaving. We were seated quickly and the order was taken and received in under 10 min. Good was hot and delicious. Hands down the best egg rolls I've ever had - crispy, not greasy. Chicken Lo Mein and Sliced Chicken and Broccoli were delicious!  Best Chinese food I've had!  And our dinner was under $30!  Next time we'll try the downstairs for the atmosphere.
1 If you have young kids stay away.  We went to the one downstairs and they were extremely rude towards my kids claiming they were making a mess Which was not true.   They are fast enough to count their tips as a matter of fact they are like TSA they don't let you leave until they verify that you left them a tip.   I will take my business else where.
1 I do not recommend this place to anyone, I'm really disappointed and upset with the fact that they rush me and gave me burnt food. I order special rice and it taste burnt and smells like burnt rice.
4 Wo Hop isn't your typical take out place for Americanized Chinese food. It's more a family type style food, meaning you have to order each item separate, you can't just order a combo and get chicken and fried rice.  Speaking of which, I was craving chicken and fried rice and its exactly why I came here.    I ordered fried rice, chicken wings, and my friend decided to get sweet and sour fried pork because he was tired of sweet and sour chicken.    The fried rice isn't the best I've ever had in NYC, the rice is very loose and it doesn't clump together the way I like my fried rice to.  It's very loose and falls off the fork when you go to scoop it up.  The fried rice isn't anything to write home about.  On the other hand, the fried chicken wings were fire, absolutely delicious.  The crisp was just right, and it was lightly fried in comparison to the typical chinese takeout joint.  Definitely, definitely, definitely, give this NYC staple a try when you are in the area.    As for the sweet and sour fried pork, it sure smelled good, but I didn't get to try it because my friend was being drunk and greedy.  This place is open 24/7 as well I believe, so at anytime it can satisfy your cravings.    Price is also pretty affordable and cheap, as is most Chinese food in the NYC area.  Fried rice ran us $5 and chicken wings were about $6-7.  A little pricier than the typical take out meal, but satisfactory for the quality.
1 Sorry to disappoint you die hard fans but this place is seriously overrated. Portions are small and pricey and the quality of the food is lacking.
2 Wo Hop?  What happened?   The food was salty. The roast duck wonton soup was devoid of flavor and other ingredients. The service was absent minded. The portions smaller   And for the first time in 45 years the MSG was overpowering and we both felt sick from it  But the biggest shock was all the old dollar bills were removed and only ones from this year are on the wall. So sad ours was gone, as were many from the past  This seems to be a clue that Wo Hop has changed ownerships and the old owners took the cash off the wall  The legend of Wo Hop May be finally fading...
4 Wo Hop has great food. They are open late for "after the bar" munchies. Its a small place and can get very crowded at times. The service is fast and food comes out quickly. They are cash only so no credit cards.
5 A terribly kept NY secret. It's a hole in the wall down a set of basement steps, but there is a reason the line is often out the door. The food is hot, very well priced for Manhattan,  and delicious. Been coming here since I was 5 and don't plan to stop anytime soon!
5 This is the go to late night spot whenever I'm in the mood for Chinese food. The steamed and fried dumplings are delicious. I also really like that the food is served fast and you'll be in and out with a full stomach in no time.
2 Great price, but poorly made food. They just served my beef chow fun with gravy with literally steaming sauce with noodles unmixed. In addition, they beef and tomato over rice tasted super salty and was barely cooked. This restaurant is so focused on efficiency they don't even bother to check the quality of their food. Would not come back
3 Not what I remember. Maybe it has to do with the fact that it was 3 am after a night in the club but always remember it being better. Food was good but not worth the wait in this tourist trap. It's very small inside. Best part was the pork fried rice.
5 Went on a recommendation of a friend its kinda of a hole in the wall but worth it. Excellent service and good food.  Good late night stop after the bar or club.
5 I am not sure why anyone would  give this less then 5 stars . It's the go to place for Chinese food in China town.  The walls are covered in pictures of all their visitors. The waiters are quick and the food comes out really fast.  It's loud and you wind up knowing everyone sitting on either side of you because they are so close ,but don't worry, you can see all the food coming out and decide what you are going to get next time.  If it's your first time though, you have to try the favorites... Fried dumplings, roast pork, Wonton Soup,  and of course , the noodles with a bowl of duck sauce to dip them in. I personally think that anything in Black bean sauce is a must and my husband and my sister's favorite is the Shrimp with Lobster Sauce over steamed chow fun noodles. For some reason even the water that they give to you to drink  is delicious. Oh and if there is a line, just wait.. it goes pretty quickly. Don't just decide to go  to the upstairs restaurant because even though it has the same name, it's not the same.
5 Love this old place.  It's one of my must go to in China town for about 40 years.  I wish they delivered to Miami!!!
4 Upstairs Wohop establishment. Your typical Cantonese style Chinese food. I come here from time to time after work for dinner with co-workers. The place gets very packed and there might be a wait during dinner hours, even on week nights.  The food can be very good. I say can, because like my previous reviews on Cantonese Chinese food, there is always variety and it's up to your personal taste and preferences. And there are also too much variety to really recommend one dish over another. So overall, the food is very good, order to your preferences. The only hit or miss options are probably their clams or razor clams, as these more often than not, will have grains of sand.   If you're familiar with this cuisine, then you already know. But for those who aren't, then, in similar fashion as my other reviews on Cantonese style Chinese food, I have to say do not mistake this restaurant for an American style takeout Chinese restaurant. That means, try to avoid the stereotypical pork fried rice, shrimp lo mein, egg rolls, etc. Be adventurous when it comes to Cantonese food. Get their poultry, beef, seafood, vegetable entrees to share - family style.   This place is BYOB (or wine or whatever). We usually come in with a a bottle of red and ask the waiter to open it for us.
4 A restaurant known as a New York staple filled with a variety of people from different cultures, ages and lifestyles. Yet all gathering with one purpose in mind; to experience good food! My partner and I split an order of the rib tips over black bean gravy and noodles as an appetizer. For my main I ordered the Szechuan Shrimp while my partner ordered the Steak Kew. Everything was delicious !! Ready to come back and work my way down the menu.
5 Excellent authentic Chinese food. Best in Chinatown. We were referred by our Concierge agent at the Westin and Wo Hop did not disappoint.  A quick 15 minute Uber ride to Chinatown from Times Square. The service is quick and the food is tasty. We appreciate the A+ sanitation rating as well. When you're there, it feels like you're on a movie set straight out of the 1950s, but the food is amazing. Portions are shareable as well.
2 It was hyped up and did not meet my expectations. I ordered the fish with black bean sauce and the unrefined palate may have thought it the best thing smoking. I, however, was unimpressed with the size of the entree and detested the taste. A lot of food that I did not like...I returned it immediately to the sender. The egg rolls were GINORMOUS! Bigger does not mean better...yuck! Bright spot: My friends ordered shrimp fried rice and lo mein. They were both consumable, but don't expect the veggies in either at this establishment. I gave it two stars for the experience. Underground eatery was new for my friends and I.
1 Plenty of better places to eat. Food is swimming in gravy. Dirty bathrooms and unappealing entrees. Tourist trap. The  good reviews are all from "local guides" just trying to get their number of reviews up.
4 Pros: Cool spot to take out-of-towners to for Chinese food. Everyone goes here. Prices are certainly affordable $7.00 for a big portion. Cantonese-style waiters. The walls are covered with photos of people famous and not. Dollar bills are signed by guests and tacked to every and my space on the walls and ceiling. Food comes out quick.   Con: They fill up quick, so these Cantonese-style waiters will rush you out sometimes.
5 After a very late night in the city we wanted to go somewhere to eat. Options get limited after midnight. It was a little walk off the subway and I was nervous walking down Chinatown streets at say 2 am with my husband... for no other reason than I had never done this before. We arrived and walked downstairs to an even more hidden restaurant, I told my husband if no one is in there we are leaving. Opened the doors and the place was packed with hungry late nighters! The food was amazing. We even had to come back a few days later to try more stuff before we headed home to Az. This was the best Americanized Chinese food I have ever had. Cash only but well worth it. On our combined visits we had chicken wings, sweet and pungent pork, roast pork fried rice which  was fabulous! Beef with green onions, hot n sour soup, very yummy, sesame chicken, and their egg rolls. Seriously the best food ever. When we come back to nyc we will definitely make at least 1 stop to Wo Hop!
4 Great place great food . May look like a dive basement but worth the wait for the food ! Good service too. Steamed dumplings are one of the best I've tried. Food always good
5 This review is a little late, but better late than never. Visited this location January 2019. Best friend and I were looking for something yummy to eat at 5am after a night at bars and drinking. We were a little skeptical about the place upon arriving but it turned out to be the best experience EVER! Food was amazing, totally different from everything we have here in Los Angeles. The best part of it was the history of this place and the amazing server that actually had a conversation with us not just in English, but Spanish and Chinese. He also served as intermediary in looking out for us with a gentlemen that was flirting with us and spoke in his language as well. Definitely this was an amazing experience, and I am looking forward to visiting again on our next trip to NY. Thank you Wo Hop for making it a night to remember.
4 This place has been around many years and well worth the trip to Chinatown. The restaurant is a small. We had to wait 30 minutes or so. I ordered duck lo mein. Soup was fine. Big portions and really nice chinese food.
5 My g2 Chinese lunch spot. Classic NYC Chinese joint that's served me well from childhood to adulthood. In my younger years this was my go to 4am meal spot after a night out. Perfect for all the classic dishes (i.e., lo mein, spare ribs, egg rolls, chow fun, General Tsao Chicken, etc.). Worthy for New Yorkers and tourists alike
5 Wow wow wow! I absolutely loooove this tiny gem. I came to the underground WoHop after a night of drinking I found this place on Yelp and decided to give it a shot since I was craving Chinese. I didn't expect to get greeted so well despite the time I was being served. I was eating at around 4 AM and the staff was beyond friendly and attentive. The food was amazing the wongtons were my fav with their yummy sweet n sour sauce. I got the fried rice , noodles , & sweet and sour chicken & I would order this again next time I'm in NY.
4 Was visiting NY with my girlfriend and walking through the area and decided to hop in after reading the menu outside. Everything we ordered came out quickly and was nice and hot with huge portions. The egg rolls were amazing and so was the rice. Would definitely visit again!
1 We had extremely bad service. I was scorned by a waiter for removing chopsticks from a nearby table, since we were not given any or even asked. No one in our group of 4 enjoyed their meal. My General Tao's Chicken was overdone. And from the color of our egg roles they are very late on changing the fryer oil. We went to New York for a day out, and looking forward to Chinatown. Boy where we disappointed.
1 OMG what a filthy dump.  Place was covered in grime.  Even the waiters uniforms were filthy.  Food was disgusting and bland.  Silverware, plates, glasses, all had stains on them.  When i asked for new/clean the jerkwad waiter made it clear he didn't care and was annoyed to have to get it.  Food was DISGUSTING.  If you eat here and like it, idk man, you have problems.
1 Awful. Every dish is swimming in sauce. I ordered mixed vegetables and rice and asked for light sauce and it came out almost like soup.
5 Old school equal good school standouts include lo mein wonton soup wor so kow chicken w Chinese broccoli over rice amongst many others. Ignore the rough digs and abysmal bathroom. And go.
5 Came here on the late night around 3 AM and the place was packed! Not only was the food delish, but the service was not slacking and for 3 AM I was pleasantly surprised!. Wo Hop has been around for a minute and I definitely know why keep it up!
1 The place is awful and disgusting.  They put back the Chinese tea , and it's was served on the table . The tea was  horrible and we spit it out and they put in the in the urn and serve it again... I almost throw it , and we walk out .
4 Haven't eaten at Wo Hop in many years but I do remember the food being some of the best Chinese food in NYC.
2 I order Pork fried rice and also  the shrimp lo main, the food is ok but salty, the customer sevice is not that great, when i first enter they asked me how many? They don't greet you with a Hello how are you. One thing that got me shook is that the server literally threw the menus on the table, i wished i had my camera on so i could record it.
2 online prices wrong,went someone to pickup for me,should have been 21 dollars came out to 35.food bland and not good at all. tourist trap?
1 Just got the most disgusting take out from this heinous, filthy place. Absolutely vile garlic covered old chicken and peanuts. The place is an overrated nightmare. Don't waste your money!
3 Amazing food but sometimes service ; usually when I go in I'll get my lil fried wontons and sauce , last night on my outing I did not and no I was not alone, also because there was a family in there everyone was really attentive to them or other couples , I was not impressed
5 We went to the upstairs Wo Hop. Cash or debit cards only so be warned. Some of the best Chinese food I've ever had! I do wish they'd warned up that the food was going to be a feast, we coulda ordered less, but you do get more than generous portions, so that is awesome. A family of 4 ordered the fried dumplings, fried wings, chicken lo mein, 2 salt and pepper lobsters, general tso chicken, shrimp fried rice and sweet and sour chicken. Had more than plenty left over to take with us and the food was amazing!
5 Mhmmmmmmmmm what a treat..  my first time I came here it was with my dad when I was little. And it was amazing. Years later. I came. !! And to my surprise. It was simply amazing ..  my fav place to go after a night of dancing or after closing my late bar up ..  one time at 4 am. I saw how they prepared the dumpling fresh !!  My fav are pork roast tips. Wonton soup. Pork fried rice ..  steak and pepper ..  and so many to Choice from !!  Love love love
2 This is a review for the downstairs location... which is technically the same organization as the upstairs one, but for some reason these two are separated.   In any case, the food at this Wo Hop is just as lackluster as the food up here. I ordered two soft shell crabs from this place, which was worse than those at Bayard 69. In addition, the feeling to this restaurant is just... ugh. It is underground, and has no windows.   I don't know why people come here.
4 Awesome, classic spot in Chinatown. Although it took us a long time to get seated, the service was incredibly fast and efficient and the food was fantastic. The portions are HUGE and so cheap. I got the duck lo mein it was delicious.
1 Food was basic. Nice that they were open late. Rice comes with nothing??? Ordered orange chicken, the waiter kept asking white rice or fried rice. He repeated it 3 times while we were still decided what to get so we said white rice is fine. Bill comes already charged with a gratuity, prices aren't the same as the menu so keep an eye out for that and 5$ for the rice???!! He never told us rice isn't included or did you want to add rice on. Gave himself a 16% tip but never came back to the table to fill up water or check on us. Then wanted to proceed to make a scene when I questioned all this. This place is trash. this isn't the only Chinese place open late, save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.
1 Disgusting. Went here at 1am and the egg rolls were cold in the middle, sesame chicken was mushy, and vegetable fried rice was barely edible.  I remember when WoHop used to be a place that had crispy sesame chicken and excellent fried rice...today might be an anomaly but I won't be returning. WoHop of yesteryear is gone :(
1 Cheat! This old man charged me $5 more for my chicken and eggplant because he saw that I did not check the menu. Do not go there. They will cheat you. Chicken was hard and eggplant was completely overlooked.
5 The cold with the duck sauce. The egg omelet is good as well  I had the ginger and scallion which was nice and fresh
5 Wo hop never disappoints. Just such great Chinese food. I love stopping by late night with a group of friends.  It's always packed, which is a testament to the food and the service.
5 We ate here while on vacation with some of our friends.  We had really great Chinese food after a short wait, and had funny servers.  Cash only but there's an ATM on site.
3 I have not been here for over 10+ years now.  This was one of the few places we visited so often in the past when Manhattan Chinatown was the only Chinatown in NYC.  With so many choices in NYC, this just felt off our radar.....  Came here accidentally as we were blocked by Chinese New Year parade and could not get to our choice restaurant for lunch (I was dying for a bowl of noodle soup due to my cold/cough).  This place did not have a line compared to the other nearby restaurants.  We were lucky to be the first in line before the crowd got pile in later after the parade.  We were very hangry and cold and glad that we came here.  Ordered the couch and duck feet, clam with oyster sauce and a hot bowl of Sai Woo beef soup.  Don't know whether because we were hungry, the food was delicious.  Bathroom is ok, passable.  Cash and debit card only.
1 Worst service. They don't even care that you are here. It's pathetic and I love their food but I never wanna come back
4 C'mon..If you write a bad review of this place..You just don't get it. This place is a NYC institution...Been around forever. Where can you eat in the basement in Mott St, open all the time, (might wait on line on the stairs to get in), waiters in a hurry and just grunt, get a full plate of food for $8? Veggies are fresh. Food is good. Known for the wide noodles. Unique place. Wo Hop forever!
3 The food is ok. They have cute merch. It probably makes more sense to go here at night when most things are closed.
3 Wo-Hop is certainly a NYC institution that's why even when I visited Hollywood Cali I saw a few Wo-Hop tee shirts.... So I have been coming here for over 20 years,after working the door at famous clubs and after all is said and done most of the staff and some patrons would gather here for an early morning meal.... Walking downstairs and seeing all the dollor's on the wall and all the shirts and pictures and at 5am seeing women in all black and heels or boots dressed from the clubs an amazing site.. Most times our table had 6-10 people and usually we ordered numerous items and shared because that was the norm.A little bit of this and a little bit of that.Chicken was always cooked well and so was the meats,the soups were refreshing and there was an all round great vibe there especially during the late early morning hours. The restaurant is staffed by older Chinese men and that made for one of Wo-Hop's many charms. I still go there and  reminisce about my cool club days here... Food is still good and the cool vibes are still here..... I even finally got a few Wo-Hop tee shirts....
5 Our not so hidden gem! This is our family's favorite and must stop in NYC. The food is always delicious and the service is good. Same guys have worked there for years! We've been eating at Wo Hop for almost 30 years and enjoy it every time!
5 In the city? After hours? Super late after the club? Go here. It's just Chinese food but it's good. They're always open and it's right by soho.   I almost ALWAYS stop here if I'm out late in the city before going home. My friends and I love this place.   Go for it go for it
3 Walking in, the decoration was very bold and had a friendly vibe with many photos and dollar bills taped to the wall. We went around 10 pm so the place wasn't crowded, and being a small space it would definitely fill up fast. We could peek into the kitchen on the way to our seats and it looked very clean.   We ordered the Hot and Sour Soup, Steamed Dumplings, Chicken Fried Rice, and Beef Lo Mein. The prices are typical cheap Chinese, which was great. I was a little disappointed by the Hot and Sour Soup, since it is my favorite food. Theirs was not quite as flavorful as I was expecting. The dumplings were delicious and I would definitely order them again. The fried rice was a bit greasy and I had to stop eating it after a certain point. The Beef Lo Mein was very well done and delicious!   The staff were adorable older Chinese men and the service was great. We placed our orders, got our check, and packed our leftovers in a timely fashion.  Overall, I would visit this place again but it does not stand out to me as anything particularly special (especially since I was disappointed by my favorite soup). Like many of the restaurants in Chinatown, it has decent quality food for cheap.
1 I always love authentic Chinese food, today I wanted to try some Chinese American food for a change. The General Tso chicken was fine, but the service was rude and horrible. Horrible enough for me to make the time to log into yelp and give them one star. Never going back.
5 They have the best fried rice. Everything we ate was delicious: scallops with black bean sauce, general tso chicken, pork fried rice, shrimp fried rice, beef and broccoli, too many to remember.
5 After a late night comedy show on Canal street my friend and I were looking for an spot where we could get some staple Chinese dishes in a comfortable setting. Given the time (around 10 PM) we were worried nothing would be open but then I remembered hearing about the late night spot "Wo Hop". I had never been and asked my friend if she'd be down to try a new spot. She accepted and I'm convinced it was the best decision I made that entire week.  The entrance for the spot is a little inconspicuous, we almost walked past it twice! When we found our way though we were pleasantly surprised. The space itself is on the smaller side but has several booths and stand alone tables inside. However, what really got me was the decor. Pictures of patrons and celebrities who've dined there literally adorn the every inch on the walls, along with a few dollar bills with notes for the restaurant inscribed on them. I liked this because it was different, it really added to the experience.  When it came time to order we were taken back by the vast amount of options they had. He asked for the hot and sour soup ($4) to start, followed by an order of steamed dumplings ($4.85), chicken fried rice ($5.10), and beef lo mein ($5.60). They also served complimentary hot tea with our dishes. Overall the quality of the food was alright. A little greasy, but the plates were flavorful and filling. Not all Chinese restaurants can say that...  The service was surprisingly good as well! The restaurant is staffed by older Chinese men with ESL, but they answered any questions we had and quickly brought out our dishes after we ordered.   Overall a decent late night spot in Chinatown to get any Chinese dish you could imagine. We were lucky it wasn't busy, but I definitely could see it getting filled fast during peak hours. Try to go late night for that super authentic experience.
4 Extremely delectable nourishment and speedy staff. The upstairs area (Wo Hop 15) has a bigger determination of vegetables than the area first floor. You essentially can't turn out badly with requesting anything here. A NYC convention. I prescribe requesting your standard top choices to perceive how it should be finished.
3 The appeal here for me is primarily the concept of an establishment having existed for a long time, the kitschy photos left behind by patrons and dollar bills gracing the walls as well.  The food  It's regular  Greasy Chinese Clearly fresh Tasted pretty good Can't speak for a stand out dish as we had 3 items  Egg drop soup Salt and pepper wings  Roasted duck lo mein  Wings could have been crispier, and my idea of salt and pepper wasn't greasy wings with sliced green peppers ? Duck lo mein was a bit greasy especially as it cooled. Nice flavor tho I tasted the egg drop soup and it was better than most as I usually hate it.  No line to get in on a Sunday afternoon!  Glad I tried it.  Felt unlucky having gotten a fortune cookie with no cookie. Just a bag of air. Such is my life.
5 The food is good, the severs are pretty nice too. The price is average. It's a good place for dinner, good for big or small groups.
5 This is a great spot for good food. Our taxi driver recommended it and then he said it was very old, maybe a 100 years.
3 I heard about Wo Hop from a random guy I met once at a poker game. He just wouldn't stop raving about it, so I guess I ended up caving and went to try this place out once.  Looking around from the outside, this isn't my usual cup of tea. It looks somewhat run down (though not unlike your usual Chinatown store), though the prices are generally speaking higher than most other places. Again, decided to give it a try due to the advice from strangers (crazy, right?)  I ordered a very typical dish, Yang Chow Fried Rice, for take out. The food itself is actually not too bad, actually better than expected. It's a little too oily (understatement, actually, it was dripping with oil), and I wouldn't call it authentic, but I guess I can see how the excessive oil can be appealing for some late night drunk food.  Though it seems hard to accomplish, the people working there were even less "nice" than your usual Chinatown servers. They tend to ignore you a lot. I didn't mind, though, but just something you should watch out for if you care about that kind of thing.   I probably won't go out of my way to go, but if everything else in the area is closed and I end up here in the middle of a drunken stupor, I could see myself going again.
5 First time staying in this part of the city and found this place searching for late night eats. Obviously amazing that it's open 24/7 and the food is bomb. Huge eggrolls and good fried rice!
4 It's a hidden Gem located in the basement. The best item on the menu is the fried rice. It's very small inside and gets crowded. If you like Chinese food this place is for you. I will with out a doubt return
5 Open late so it's great! This place has existed for decades and till this day it's a favorite little spot of mine. Friendly staff and fast service. Authentic Chinese food, at an affordable price. You can see all the visitors that have left pictures and signed dollar bills taped on the walls. A definite spot to visitor when in Manhattan or in town.
5 Oh my gosh. Like stepping back in time.   Delicious.   For a while now, I've been complaining about the Chinese food in Bay Ridge. The best I can say is, when it's not horrible, it's just OK.   Today for a different reason we found ourselves in Manhattan. Stopped at Wo Hop for a very late lunch or an early dinner.    Wo Hop is that place that us old time New Yorkers remember from late nights on Friday or Saturdays. It's the one that's is in a basement. Long flight of steps to get there.   It's worth the walk down. Duck chow fun. Won ton egg drop soup. 4 seasons dish. All perfect to the taste. All delicious.   One thing for sure- I'm not waiting -10 years to go back.   Everything is the same as I remember but the prices. But that's fine. And worth it.
3 Had dinner here while on business with bunch of colleagues.  Place is not conducive to a business function.  However, it's a legend for Chinese food so we had to try.    The only dish I found outstanding was the beef chow fun. Stir fried perfectly with the right amount of spice.  All the other dishes were just ok. Funny thing is that everyone that was not Asian thought it was the best Chinese food they ever had. To each there own.   Service was typical NY Chinatown. Rude, impatient, and Abrupt. It was the perfect NY Chinatown experience.
5 My husband and I came here after hearing everyone good reviews.  The place was kinda of difficulty to find. We actually came back here for a 2nd time and each time the food is always delicious and very affordable.  It always crowded here so there isn't really any good time to come here.
4 Came for some late night eats with 2 other friends. The complimentary bowl of noodle chips with duck sauce and hot mustard would be enough to fill you up but onward Buttercup. We shared egg rolls, fried dumplings, pork fried rice and Goon Bo Duck. We had no idea how the duck was prepared but we saw it was spicy and just went for it. It was not very spicy sautéed in a brown sauce with lots of celery, mushrooms, peppers, tomato and topped with peanuts. It was good but not how I like my duck nor do I like celery much so this style is a no go for me again, everything else was very good. Service is fast and efficient because there is always a line and they want to keep things moving however we weren't rushed. This place is a treasure when it comes to serving hungry late night NYers.
1 Waitress served us soup in a dirty bowl with grains of rice still visible inside the bowl. When we asked the waitress why the bowl was dirty, she told us that the chefs place their rice scooper for their rice cooker in that same bowl. And then they served us using that exact bowl, thus the rice in the bowl might have came from the scooper. This restaurant will serve you a bowl that the've used during the cooking process. WTF. Left immediately
1 Went in for take out and they charged for tip. That's not even what made me mad. The fact that you charged for tip when I got taken out and gave me dry chicken and the veggies not even cut up well. So 14.70 is worth something like this.. I should've went elsewhere. Never coming back again. I really recommend people to go elsewhere.
4 Food was good..we ordered singapur noodles & hot sour soup...Their service was not good & they r not friendly at all..
4 Our NYC friends said we had to go here for the Chinese experience. What we received was an "Americanized" Chinese experience. Food was fine (steamed dumplings and spicy duck dish) but if you're looking for Chinese Chinese food, go across the street. If you're looking for a Chinese place to say "you've been there" and impress your friends and feel apart of the "crowd", you found the place.  I spent 8 years in China and the dishes we had did not resemble real Chinese food.
4 I went for Christmas day. It was very busy and I waited in the cold for about an hour. Finally I sat down and waited patiently for service. It was very busy and it took a bit for my food to be ready. The servers are great and did a good job juggling things. I gave 4 stars because the food was ok. Not one of the best though. I think what makes it popular is because its late night service. Plus I was charged for a side of white rice. I think if its white rice you shouldnt charge because in most places it comes with the entree.
4 4 1/2 stars. Authentic chinese restaurant it's a small, cash only local icon down a sketchy looking set of stairs in the basement lol. We went at lunch and the place was packed with older local Chinese men eating, which tells you about all you need to know about the food it was amazing super authentic we loved it for the food and the experience. 100% recommend!
3 I have mixed feelings on this place. The food was good, the service was average. Prices were a little high but it was to be expected. But to anyone coming here or considering coming, beware this place is CASH ONLY. There is another review on here that shows a sign that says they take debit cards. They do not, it is cash only and there is only one very small, faded sign by the register stating they "do not accept credit cards". Thankfully my friends and I had enough cash to (barely) cover our meal, but it would've been nice if there was a bigger sign somewhere stating we couldn't pay with cards. We specifically asked if debit cards were accepted since the sign only mentions credit cards and we were told no. ONLY cash. Just kind of left a bad taste in our mouths. The food was decent though. I liked the dumplings a lot. The warm tea they bring with the meals was also really nice. Kind of a weird setup (very small, bathroom is smaller than an airplane bathroom and very, very cold) but it was fine.
3 Wo Hop is a great late night spot! We had a couple of Chinese dishes that were very tasty. The service was quick. I loved the fries wonton skins with duck sauce!
4 Well made basic Chinese food. It's menu is ubiquitous across the US. But it is made very well. I had a veggie egg roll and it was very hot and crispy. The yellow mustard was rocking hot spicy. I also had the fresh fish and mixed veggies. It was also very well made with good flavor. It is a great value of quality and quantity. It is no frills and reasonably priced and leaves the tastebuds and belly happy.
4 Recommended by a friend and I was a little apprehensive about it being below ground but the food was great. I had the Sichuan beef and my girlfriend had the egg foo young and we shared roast pork fried rice, egg rolls, and won ton soup. The staff was polite and we left stuffed. There's only seating for about 30 people though.
4 I travel from Westchester frequently, just for Wo Hop's Salt and Pepper Shrimp. While expensive, delicious and worth every penny! I'm eager to go back for the ribs, and Salt n Pepper Squid. If I'm feeling a tad adventurous, I will try the escargot in black bean sauce. I recommend this restaurant.. They're open late. Until 4 I believe.
4 So while I was in NY, I went drinking with my old college roommate, who lives in the city. He recommended this place and it was pretty good for a late night meal. We had some dumplings and black bean dish. It's not a big place but it's a lively place. The service is pretty descent but the only knock is, it's cash only. But if you're in need of a place to eat after a night of drinking, this place is not a bad option seeing that I don't think it closes. Just make sure to have cash money on you though.
4 Delicious Chinese fare and worth the wait to get in. They do not have traditional Chinese dishes like pig's blood curd, spicy hot pot, lamb dishes, or pig kidney, but what they do have is delicious and incredibly quickly served. We tried lobster Cantonese with bean sauce (savory & salty in a good way), salt & pepper squid (delicious), ginger squid (sadly overcooked to chewy-hard), and THE most delicious fried rice with roast pork and mixed vegetables. Service is highly efficient, so the wait for a table is fairly minimal. I'd definitely go again.
5 The food was AWESOME and the portions were more than fair for your dollar. It's small so we did have about a 5 minute wait for a table.
4 Cheap, fast, big portions and delicious food sums it up. Although the service isn't top quality, it definitely has a nostalgic vibe to the place and is a must go for people looking for good chinese food in new york. We had the beef broad noodles and shrimp rice with lobster sauce and I would definitellyyy recommend the beef noodles although it is a bit heavy. The shrimp rice with lobster sauce was good but didn't have much shrimp which was a bit disappointing. But overall still pretty good food for the price!
2 Whatever this place once did to merit its reputation as a must-visit -- was it the prices? the all-night drunk-grub appeal? the quality of the food itself? -- it appears to have vanished entirely as of late 2018.   Let me back up. We'd been dying to try Wo Hop for quite some time, but typically found ourselves, in the event, turned off by the crowds, the wait times, &c. Instead, we'd taken to going a couple doors down to Hop Kee, which though slightly more expensive (and likewise cash-only) also offered the salt-and-pepper squid for which we're such suckers.   Speaking of suckers: We finally went a bit later, around 11 p.m., ravenously hungry and hoping the timing would provide a reprieve from the usual, er, hoppingness of the place. Pardon the awful pun. Anyway, success! No line, and a corner booth with our name on it. We promptly ordered the squid, two white rices, and a duck dish whose name now escapes me.   The service was totally fine; three or four waiters milled about friendlily. And the price was right: fully five bucks less for the squid than next door. But the order took forever -- Hop Kee by contrast is almost unthinkably speedy -- and, when it did arrive, left a LOT to be desired.   I don't think I've ever had blander Chinese. This was true of the squid and duck both. Just a zero on flavor; the stuff didn't even appear to have been salted. (I for one took to dumping the incongruously non-Chinese hot sauce all over the squid.) The squid was also overly breaded, like to a crazy degree, perhaps to mask a conspicuously unfresh quality to the seafood.   Ditto for the duck. The dish tasted like the cheapest cut of bird imaginable, or possibly like the meat had been frozen and later reheated, or both. Whatever the case, what flavor there was reminded us more of a very poorly done chicken-fried steak than of fatty delicious duck. (It even came in a kind of gravy, though I have no idea why, since this too was as flavorless as a starch-thickened water.)  Maybe we caught them on a bad night. Maybe we ordered Wo's weakest menu items. Maybe a new line cook was feeling his way out in the kitchen while nursing one of those head colds that make smell and taste useless propositions. That these may have been the conditions on this particular visit has salvaged the joint a star in my rating, as has the overall quality of service; this ain't the waiters' fault. But Wo Hop, mighty reputation notwithstanding, was Not. Good. At this point, a few hours after the meal, we're just praying we didn't get food poisoning from either of the pretty weird-tasting meats.  Spare yourself the crowds and wait times and go somewhere else on Mott, is our advice. There are plenty of choices, and Wo Hop, at least for the moment, is failing -- badly -- to live up to its vaunted rep. In the words (or, uh, word) of our idiot president: sad!
5 Best Chinese food I've ever eaten. And I'm Asian!  Delicious! This place is also open late if you need some food after a night out
5 Love this place! The beef with oyster sauce was fantastic.  24-hour operation also very nice.  I will definitely be back next time I am in NYC!
5 Love, love, love this place, refuse to go anywhere else! Staff is always on point. This is New York Asian Style food at it's best. Come here, DOWNSTAIRS BABY!
5 Favorite late night, affordable chinese spot. Pork fried rice, beef lo mein, pork dumplings are just a few of my faves to order from here
5 The perfect little dive Chinese restaurant you ever want in your life I liked it a lot and I recommend you going late-night think it's open 24 hours
2 It was 9:38pm and Shanghai on the corner of Mott Street closed their kitchen at 9:30. We begrudgingly walked down the steps to Wo Hop and even with low expectations were still underwhelmed. Pieces of the General Tsao chicken came out cold, sesame noodles were over cooked, soft, and tasted mealy. Only way I go back is if I have the munchies in Chinatown and nothing else is open.
5 Good curry wonton noodles, Beef chow fun, snail with black bean sauce, everything very been going since 1965
4 Absolutely love this chinese restaurant! The portions are so big and nothing is overly greasy like the other regular spots. The food portion is big enough were you will either have to split it or take seconds & who doesn't like that! I always get the shrimp fried rice. Its sooo tasty and they aren't skimpy with the shrimps. The service isn't the best but the food makes up for it. Make sure to bring cash!
1 It's probably appropriate to compare the food at Wo Hop to the food at Panda Express. It is Chinese food catered to a white American audience. But I prefer Panda over Wo Hop. At Panda, you can be sure of a few things with the orange chicken. The batter will be fried to a hot, crispy perfection. The chicken meat will be chicken and moist. The sauce will evenly cover the nooks and crannies of the fried chicken surface.  It's a different story at Wo Hop. Upon being served a platter of orange chicken, I noticed that the food was at room temperature. Having braved the cold that evening to enjoy this meal, I decided to suspend judgment until I tasted the food. As I tried to slice a piece, the batter slid off the meat and required reassembly with every bite. This was disheartening. The batter was also not crispy, but dense and mushy on the insides. The meat was cooked to a dry, rubbery state. I'm not sure it was chicken. The sauce was thick, overly sweet, and had an unappetizing bright orange hue. I scrapped it off the chicken because it was overwhelming.  The service and the overall ambiance did not compensate for the poor food. The walls were plastered with dollar bills. Had it been the first dollar the owner made on the first day of business, I would say that is endearing. Entire walls of dollar bills were distracting. The service was poor. Before serving the entrees, the waiter flung a small bowl of colorless goop onto our table. I asked him what it was and got an unpleasant, condescending retort in response. It was hot mustard.   In short, I don't recommend Wo Hop.
5 Been going here for longer than I can remember! Hasn't changed in all of these years and I'm so glad. The food is unbelievable and so inexpensive! Sometimes there's a line but definitely worth the wait. Best dumplings, black bean sauce on clams, spare ribs, love the lobster in any kind of sauce! A must!!!
1 I just ordered food from there 2am and I ordered the food to go. I kept hearing about how delicious this place was and read a lot of rave reviews. My order was: General TSO Chicken, pork fried rice, shrimp fried rice and BBQ Spare ribs. What I received when I got home was General TSO Chicken, BBQ spare ribs and 2 orders of pork fried rice. They don't do combination plates so we did separate orders and totaled up to $41. Most expensive takeout I've ever ordered for 2 people. The General TSO Chicken lacked any kind of sweetness or spice whatsoever. It was nasty! The BBQ Spare ribs had zero sauce. They were dry and a little tough. The pork fried rice was ok. Tasted better than the main dishes but I've had better. The best part was the homemade hot sauce that they included. I will not return to order from here again. Service was friendly.
1 This place put a cigarette butt in my chicken noodle soup!! I didn't notice it until I was halfway done
4 One of the oldest Chinese restaurants in Manhattan . Food is great . Place is legendary with all the photos and things on the wall . Definitely a Go to when you're hungry late night , they are open all night .
4 Wo Hop was a recommendation and it lived up to my expectations. It is a quaint place in Chinatown with a lot of movement. The menu is extensive and the portions are large--perfect for sharing.   My wife and I ordered the fried wontons as an appetiser which were delicious! We also ordered the vegetable lo mein and mushroom fried rice. The lo mein was tender and savoury--I would go back for it. The fried rice was good but the taste of mushrooms was overpowering.   A great find on Mott Street with a very friendly staff! I would suggest having cash handy as most patrons checked out with cash.
4 Great place in China town. Be sure to get there around 6 to beat the dinner rush. Food was really good - probably above average for an American Chinese place. Portions are pretty big so sharing is definitely the move! I went with a group of 4 people and we ordered way too much! 3 entrees and 2 apps is perfect for 4 people.   I got the general tso, sesame chicken, ginger low mein and chow fun. All very good. Egg rolls are the best thing they have!  Good place, I'll go back for sure.
4 Fast service! Made to order. Egg rolls are great. Small place get there early. No reservations.   Went with 4 people. Big portions so make sure to share. We had 3 entrees and 2 apps.
5 One of the best spots for late night comfort food. Fast service, excellent chefs, and one of the few bastions left of New York pride.
4 CASH ONLY! The food is amazing! And huge portions! I went with my sister on a Wednesday night, there was a line of two table in front of us. We waited for less than 5 minutes.  Once inside the actually restaurant is tiny! We basically hit everyone with our backpacks/purses and shimmied against the wall to slide into our chairs. Once seated you didn't realize how small the place is thanks to the mirrors on the wall. The other three walls where covered in dollar bills, with messages from past patrons. The menu is huge and everything is decently priced. Best prices I've seen in NYC yet. We ordered egg drop soup X2, 2 egg rolls, fried dumplings, shrimp lo mein, and beef chow fun for a grand total of $42. Which already had a $7 tip included. Our waiter boxed all our leftovers up for us and put them all in a big red bag. Overall it was a great experience. Oh & they have a men's and women's bathroom FYI.  Only bad experience was anxiety from being in such a tiny place down in a basement.
1 This place used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant in the city. However after my girlfriend brought me some takeout, I happened to see something resembling a metallic coil in my shrimp with lobster sauce. im shocked, and needless to say, I won't be coming back until they get their act together.
4 best cheap Chinese anywhere. Get the Clams in black bean suase or lobster. amazing
1 Horrible experience. There was a hair on my plate before I even started eating. In my chicken fried rice there was a hard lobster shell. Disgusting. Eat at your own risk.
5 This place was great had good food good sesame chicken should order it it was really good just please come here just pleasing
5 Best Chinese food I have ever had we went there everything came out quick . For the price you can't beat it will definitely be coming back
1 Food was good back in the 80's, I guess they lost their touch. I ordered beef and broccoli,  the beef was tough, liked a chuck undercooked  toughness to it. Taste was off too, as though it was old, or previously frozen.  I also ordered the house special fried rice, they dumped my order into one large container, and the rice was lost under the sauce from the beef and broccoli.  Talking about the rice, it was plenty, but for a house special it only had two shrimps in it.   It's been a while since I've eaten there, looks like I won't be Wo Hopping there again.
2 Have had much better Chinese food in Norfolk VA which does not have good Chinese food!  Very disappointed.  Neither the General Tso nor the Crispy Honey chicken had much flavor.  The pork fried rice was so-so.
2 Just an ultra-mediocre ultra-Americanized Chinese food spot. It's odd that the place is decorated in dollar bills that customers have drawn on and affixed to the walls - you figure people could tip with those instead. Ate duck lo-mein, which contained quite grisly duck; steamed dumplings, which were exactly what one imagines a big but average steamed dumpling to be; and fried dumplings, which were literally the same dumplings, but fried. All in all, not worth the energy
3 Very old school Chinese.  Decor is old. The tables and chairs are old. The walls are old.  The service is old. And so is the Food.   It's an experience if you are from out of town but there are so many better than this basically a take out place with tables.   The egg rolls at least were old school as well but just the way I like them
5 THE Chinese restaurant to go to when in New York's Chinatown. Everything is delicious, reasonably priced l, and served quickly. Go here NOW!!!
5 My father in law does not like Chinese food back in LA. He was born and raised in NY and he talked about this place. Now I can see why he doesn't like Chinese food in LA. This is probably the best Chinese food!  I love everything about this place I really do! The food is fantastic. The ambience is vintage. The waiters are amazing and attentive! We had the best egg rolls, we had beef and broccoli, chicken fried rice, peiking (sp?) pork, our friends and cousins had shrimp dish. When they put all our dishes on the table I was overwhelmed and worried because we were certainly not going to take this back to our hotel. There were six of us and wow we cleared the plates . Do come and check this place our, this has been a round for a long time and the food really is fantastic! My father in law said the taste of food is how he remembered it!
5 I miss you Wo Hop! Fried Dumplings! The Ribs! and $2 wonton soup! Are you kidding me! I'm in Cali now but I pray I make it back to NY soon just to eat here!
5 Cute and casual dining.   Very helpful that they are open late.  Food was very tasty and not as greasy as you usually get from Chinese restaurants.  The only downside is the inability to pay with credit cards.   It is a cash or debit card only.  Parking was easy to find due to the late hour we went.  All of the staff was very helpful and they all worked together.  Would love to go back and dine there again.
3 This restaurant DOES NOT open 24/7 anymore.  But the owner was find enough to direct me to another place which was open nearby at 630am. Rating is for the courteousness of the owner. Haven't tasted the food.
4 I went there with my family who wanted to eat Chinese Food in Chinatown. I was only able to snag one picture before they devoured everything.   We got a lot of the food, I liked the steamed dumplings and loved the fried rice. Beef and broccoli was tasty and the spare ribs were tasty. I thought it to be a good tasting Chinese restaurant. There are two Wo Hops so don't be confused with the one in the basement. I went to the restaurant upstairs.
4 Last year during a visit from LA, I told my friend I wanted good old fashioned American-Chinese food. Being a foodie himself, he recommended Wo Hop and I was in. For the record, this is not my first Chinese food rodeo, I grew up around a lot of legit styles of Chinese food, not just fast food like Panda Express, but sometimes you just want good, greasy chow mein and orange chicken. Well, this place delivers that slice of Chinese-Americana.  My friend and I had:  Fried wontons (must have! Tasty with that sweet, tangy duck sauce that Is virtually non-existent in my home city of Los Angeles) Egg rolls (disappointing, wing order again) Shrimp fried rice (it never tasted like that when I bake it at home) Orange chicken (crispy, greasy, tasty) Scallops in garlic sauce (yummy and a nice mix of veggies)  Service was prompt and good.  This is my second time coming here. Would definitely return when I'm in the area and craving this type of food.
5 Best Chinese food in all New York. They are a staple. The dumplings are crispy and always perfect. If you are in need of that perfect NY moment then come sit and eat here. You will be amazed at the experience.
5 My boyfriend took me here for my birthday. We initially went to Wohop15, but once he didn't recognize the decor from pictures, he asked a waitress who politely pointed us to WoHop17 located next door in the basement. This restaurant is cash only with an ATM conveniently located in the restaurant. The decor strewn with signed dollar bills was extra hip, cool and grungy. The plates were enough for two people to get full off of. We had the honey chicken and shrimp rice noodles. The noodles I found to be really delicious. My boyfriend destroyed the honey chicken but expressed he would get something a little spicier next time. I will insist on visiting WoHop 17 next time I'm in the city.
4 The food at Wo Hop is amazing. This place is so inexpensive recommend this place too everybody that visits Chinatown NYC.
4 Makes it a point to be slightly inconvenient. No resos; tucked in a basement; cash only.   Dumplings: elastic and flavorful with fillings that have a definitive profile (vs. the miscellaneous that is standard at careless joints). Noodles: fresh, gummy, a little oily, and heaping with al-dente veggies and salty meats. All can be spicy upon request - which I'd call a 7, maybe 7.5. Love the complimentary wontons, which are fresh and salty.   My friend-group and I have visited Wo Hop a handful of times because of its awesome BYOB option and proximity to weekend hot-spots.  If not for the inconveniences, this would be a 5-Star place. Very inexpensive ($10pp) but gracefully striking a balance between authentic and Americanized, scruffy and homey, speedy and delicate. Some servers are quite charming, too.
5 Let's start off by giving this place 5 stars although some may disagree! It was my first time here with some of my friends. I wanted to go to place where we could all make it at 12am. It's just your typical Chinese Restaurant with a little twist! BYOB LIKE HELLO!
3 Enjoy Chinese fast food.  Agree with other yelper when you are craving Chinese food at 2 am.  You will be happy you went here for an egg roll Hot and sour soup and a fortune cookie. Don't expect total cleanliness.  Enjoy low prices.
5 New fave alert  Open 24hours .   Shrimp fried rice . Shrimp egg foo young & dumplings . Simply , scraped the plate . The food was sooooooo hot & fresh. The portions are large enough for two , three is you aren't greedy (like me)! All portions are intended to share . So bring your friends . (& The duck sauce isn't in a plastic package !)  The decor is pretty neat too! You're surrounded by old pictures & dolla bills  in new york citay.  We found street parking right across the street ($7 for 2 hours).   We were in and out in an hour & superFULL .
4 I'm going to run against the grain and give Wo Hop 4 stars.    Wo Hop shouldn't be anyone's go to Cantonese Chinese food spot in Chinatown ever -period.   However when it's like 2AM and you are beyond f&*ED the f&ED up tripping over one's shoes f&ED up and can't go home because your stomach needs something greasy to coat it lest you throw up while on the train or hopefully your uber ride. Then Wo Hop is THE place especially if you are in Brooklyn. Sure you can go to late night Colombian sandwich/torta spot in Sunset Park, but if you need immediate gratitude and a coating of greasy Chinese food this place is it.   It is an odd mixture of first gen Cantonese/Cantonese-American food that hasn't really changed since the 70's when Cantonese immigration really kicked in and people started appreciating Chinese food.  Sometimes the dish you order is super authentic like the snails in black bean sauce and other times stuff like the beef chow fun is like a much better version of the dish that you would get at a Chinese take out.  They also have standbys like pork chops in peking sauce and onions, salt/pepper squid all of which really go down easily when you are done partying and need to chill for a bit in a seat before you make your way home late at night.  I like going here because my wife digs the place when after a late night and I like it for it's throwback coolness back to a time when NYC was a seedier funner place when it truly was the city that never sleeps.
3 Good value portions, too salty and american styled. But that's what's they are purposely going for. Very hot food
3 Street Level Wo Hop:   We have been here many times. And the food is inconsistently prepared. We were disappointed in our last visit. One item in particular was prepared so much worse than last time. No flavor. No onions. Much less meat. I though we even had strips of deli ham in our food. The canned ham seemed to be the case last time too.   They also rarely give us the oranges at the end of the meal. Other tables get them but not always us. It's kind of like a slap in the face. It's the last straw Wo Hop.   We simply unable to offer more than 3 stars. To be honest, while we want to have a "go to" place that we feel comfortable in, that has not developed here.   Not cool Wo Hop. We've demoted you (Street Level Wo Hop).   For the Basement Wo Hop:  Seems to be the more consistent Wo Hop on the food.   The food is good but we had some extra charges they didn't tell us about. Like if we has small wonton soups each for $3 and were asked if we wanted noodle in the soup, they charged an extra dollar each. Mind you there was just one (yes one) small strand of extra dough in the soup so it was a rip off for that.  Why charge for that Wo Hop?  But idk, just not a fan of nickle and dime stuff when they don't tell you about the extra costs (not listed on the menu) and also that they didn't include what we paid for. We still tipped very well, but feel like we'd like to try other places next time because the wait and atmosphere kind of not so good but the food is descent for sure.   The atmosphere is rough and it is very small inside to be honest. Very small! So it can be uncomfortable because the noise level is off the charts and you can hear every table around you. There is also a line of people on the steps leading into the basement and they're all waiting for your table, so you can feel a little rushed here. We honestly never feel like we can enjoy the stay that much.   The staff does bring out water and tea. But no orange like some places. So, not happy about that.   The Air Conditioning is always cold in the summer.  So we'd go to the downstairs one if we go here but it's not the kind of place you would take someone who wants more of a restaurant feeling.
1 Absolutely horrible service ! Then they have the nerve to demand more tip , by yelling & trying to embarrass you  in front of all the other customers , NEVER AGAIN!
2 As much as I love my favorite local restaurant and recommend it to every single person who asks about a great Chinese place, I hate to be treated differently or just ask for things that are supposed to be automatic, according to their standards or at least what I've seen first hand. I shouldn't have to ask for the chips that's given to every other table, or even a small plate because the mound of rice is too much for one plate.   Overall the best food in Chinatown but now know what to expect when you come to the neighborhood after 2am.
4 Wo Hop is one of the most inexpensive Down to Earth Decadently Delicious  Gastropubs on Mott Street!
5 Wow. Haven't been here in years. I'm so gald we stopped by this place is true Chinese food I was so hungry I wanted the whole menu.   The line is super lengthy and its downstairs and the place is pretty tight but I'm gald we got there just in time before a super crowd came in the wait to seat is maybe 20mins to a half hour.   It's a very popular spot all the celebs go there.  It's open 24hrs so after a nite out in the city we can enjoy a good meal there. We ordered dumplings (my fav) ribs were meaty, fried rice which is the best rice I had in any Chinese restaurant, general toss, and bought 2 cool tee shirts. Come one come all!!!!
5 Love this place! It's been here for so long it was worth a shot and was delicious. Ask for the crunchy noodles to dip in duck sauce when you first get there.
5 Small but cosy restaurant. The food was ready within 15 minutes. Great food and large amounts!
4 Great food and fun location in China town. Memorable experience to be sure! Thx Michael from the liberty island boat tour for the recommendation!
5 Memorable Chinese food. Atmosphere is good. Referred from a friend and liked all the items we tried. Go here. Eat the food. There's a reason it's been around so long. Keep on doing what you're doing! We will be back.
3 MOFAD's (Museum of Food and Drink) CHOW exhibit inspired me to want Wo Hop's Mushroom Egg Foo Young, which has a delicious flavor, full of umami and a truly unique recipe using brown sauce instead of a clear based sauce.  During the demo at the museum (BTW, you get a free sample dish with your general ticket purchase), we were told that the recipe came from the owner at Wo Hop.  I loved it so much, I wanted to go to the restaurant and order a full meal for myself.  There was however, a huge difference, in that the version served at MOFAD uses wood ear mushrooms, and the restaurant version uses what appears to be canned button mushrooms (unless, I'm wrong and it is fresh button mushrooms, but I doubt it).  The flavor profile is drastically different, and isn't nearly as scrumptious as the small sample I had at MOFAD, which I was obsessed with.    I am still thoroughly impressed that this old-fashioned Cantonese restaurant has been around since 1938!!  Its longevity says a great deal about its adoration in a neighborhood that changes often to reflect the evolving food landscape that are part and parcel of the immigrant experience.  The story we are all familiar with, of various groups of people that bring along their region's unique flavors, and tastes and techniques, and inject that into the food culture of their newfound neighborhood.  Wo Hop might be a bit of a tourist trap, and the only Chinese people you might find here are the chefs and workers, it is still  such an iconic place that you wouldn't want to miss out on the experience, at least once.  3.5 Stars.
4 Wo Hop, now if you live in NYC and don't know about this place, that strikes me as odd. A 24 hour Chinese food spot. There's an upstairs and downstairs to eat. Upstairs is more presentable and nice to dine in. The downstairs is a real NY setting with pictures, on the wall of people who ate there, writing badges patches of various city agency's, unions etc. the food I find to be delicious, I would of gave 5 stars but their egg rolls had shrimp in them and I don't do that. Should of let me know or it should say it on menu. I'm used to a pork one. Anyway the other food is delicious the handful of times I been there. Definitely recommend going there ! Never had a wait but it's never really empty either, service is mostly good one time had trouble understanding what he was saying with the heavy accent but hey that's New York sometimes - foodfiend2018
3 Not sure what so good about the place.  It's a lot of hype that's not warranted.  The food is heavily sauced and extremely sodium rich.
5 If you can find a better fried dumpling anywhere, please let me know! Nobody does it better
1 I decided to give this classic spot a try. This review if for the restaurant located on 17 Mott Street ( Downstairs). It was Friday night and my boyfriend and I wanted to try Wo Hop. When we arrive we only had to wait five minutes which was great! So far I was eager to order. However race plays an important role to their customer services. There was a Caucasian couple next to us that  arrive later than us and they were provided with chips and dips and while they looked at their menu. My boyfriend and I didn't get the same treatment. Once our order was placed the we thought we were going to get our chips like the couple next to us but we didn't. Everyone else seemed to get it. Once our food came, my shrimp lo mein was very salty and the fried dumplings tasted so disgusting. My boyfriend's fried rice was a little bit salty too. When it was time to leave and pay for our food the server stood there literally next to my boyfriend watching him get his money out the wallet. As if we were going to run off. Like seriously, why even do that? There was no need for that and I found it very disrespect!! Then the server was charging us tip!!! Are you kidding me? We already had tip the server but he wanted more money. After you didn't treat us fair now you want your more money and the server disrespected us by screaming out loud and saying tip is 50% percent of the bill. I'm never coming back here again!! The worst customer service and the nerve to ask for tip after being treated like thieves. This place is disgusting!! Needs to train staff for great customer service no matter skin color. Every customer should be treated equally.
4 I will start with yeah they don't have the nicest waiters in Chinatown.....but the food is delicious. My family & I have been going to the same place for over 30 years & whenever we go back home., a visit to Chinatown WOHop on Mott St is a must. We always eat/order family style & that way we can enjoy a variety of deliciousness. They are open 24/7  which is soooo awesome. We try to always bring those visiting, so they can experience the deliciousness. At the end of the day we get a lot of bang for our buck! You have to have the wonton soup!!!!
1 I was actually excited to try this "NY classic spot." It would have to be terrible for me to take time away from my schedule to write a review. It was and here I am. Normally don't care that much. Everyone in the place is super rude. They rush you to order because it's a small little trashy place and I get that there aren't many tables. I could only see me stomaching this if I was drunk. They burned our wings, while sending out golden brown wings to the table next to us. I ordered a shrimp noodle dish and the shrimp was not fresh. It was drowned in sauce (probably to mask the mealy spoiled taste.) They didn't take anything off our check. That's crazy to me. You served us bad seafood. Didn't offer us anything in exchange. Don't get sick in this dirty little nasty spot. If I can save at least one person from not having a bad experience, then the time is totally worth it.
1 Came for lunch during jury duty. Every other juror was hyping the place up. Got my food, stirred it a few times to let some steam out, saw a cockroach, stir-fried right into my noodles. Sent it back. Never again.
5 This is a kid writing this, so if you immediately disregard my review, your either a stupid and close minded person, or you believe I have the intelligence of a 3 year old, if you do either, you suck. I have been coming to wo hops ever since I could eat solid foods!, (I'm almost 12), and my dad has been coming here for 40 years!, in fact, I plan on going in a couple hours with my dad because we love this place. First off, the food is just downright phenomenal, it's so good and my record of dumplings eaten in one meal was set there (17). I come to wo hops so often the the waiters and waitresses started recognizing me when I showed up, they even gave me a whistle on my 10th birthday. I sadly lost it. As far as other things go, the pricing is great although the restrictive cash policy and debit card only policy puzzle me. There's always at least one table and the wait time is practically three minutes. I'm definitely going to keep coming back for the rest of my life. They give you a fortune cookie at the end of every meal and I've gotten "you will love peas" more times then I'd like to admit. Definitely the best Chinese restaurant I've ever eaten at.
5 wonton soup. beef noodle tomato.
4 Local friend turned me onto this subterranean little gem in Chinetown.  Old atmosphere plus huge menu... Go.   Just go
4 The line to get in it really long, but the food is totally worth it. It's somehow cheap, but still EXTREMELY good.
2 This may be one of the best Chinese food spots in Chinatown but race absolutely plays a factor in the quality of customer service. -@sofakevegan
2 Mediocre Chinese restaurant. Wouldn't recommend going here as it's not that authentic. Service was a bit slow and I had to ask 3x for hot sauce.
3 Ordered the Kong Pow black bean chicken and white rice with a can of soda and it cost me 20 dollars. A little overpriced and the food was just ok. Used to be better.
3 Late night eats in chinatown. My parents used to come here as kids all the time so naturallyyyyyy they introduced us to it. Perhaps not my favorite chinese place but for some reason i absolutely love their wonton noodle soup, particularly the noodle. Its kinda like egg noodles but thicker not the one they use for like pan fry noodle dishes. Wontons are too big and skin is too thick as is the soy gao. I am used to thin skin so i don't really like those wontons literally come for the noodles. We usually order chow fun dry style pretty standard. Add a bit of chili oil for a kick! Those same egg type noodles with beef and oyster sauce my uncle loves this dish for some reason. Not a huge fan but he always orders it. Fried chicken wings are pretty good too.   Service is what i'd expect it to be in chinatown if the waiter sees you or not and that'll affect how often you get something you need like water, etc used to it.
4 Had a major craving for great Chinese food so decided to take the hour plus walk to Wo Hop! This is an old school place, you walk down the stairs in the small restaurant! It's a good atmosphere if you are ready to take in some solid Chinese.. I ordered the hot n sour soup which came in a big bowl! It was the best I have had in a long time. I then ordered the sesame chicken (had to get the staple dish) and the shrimp chow fun! I enjoyed both very much, the shrimp chow fun exceeded all expectations! If you go bring cash because they do not except credit cards!  My experience was exactly what I was hoping for, I enjoyed every bite!
5 After all these years, oh soooo many years,  Wo Hop is still great!  On a rainy 11p weeknight, the egg roll, spare ribs, and 4d chow fun were near perfect- just great!  I want to go back sooooooo bad.
1 The food is just chinese takeout food to attract tourists. I decided to try it out either way because my friends said it was much better than just chinese takeout. It was quite good, but the food was extremely salty and oily. Whats worse, the hot and sour soup gave me food poisoning ao becareful guys.
5 If you're expecting great food and a true off-the-wall experience, go nowhere else. So down the sketchy looking stairs. Trust me.
3 This place has been here for ages. Surprised I never wrote a mini review  I like the pork here more than Wong's but less than Wah Fung. You go here for a cheap greasy meal.  3.3
2 I used to eat here in the 80's during my childhood when my parent's would take me to a museum or show and we would always eat at Wo Hop. It was always terrific and I really looked forward!  Fast forward to 2018 I am visiting my parents and we decided to revisit an old favorite. We were so disappointed. The food was not good as we remembered. Everything was super salty and the sauces were disappointing. Not how I remembered Wo Hop from 30 years ago.
4 Good Chinees food - jury duty lunch break - the steamed pork dumplings were my favorite!
3 Came here and he place is really small but note that it is downstairs and not on ground level. It's your regular Chinese menu and doesn't really stand out compared to many other places around Chinatown. I had chicken fried rice and it was really good but I felt rushed to leave. The waiters were also busy folding clothes and doing things not related to the restaurant in the center of the place. But food was good so I'll leave at just 3 Stars.
4 Classic chinatown Chinese restaurant. Been around forever and classic canto seafood dishes. Ordered favorites of snails, lobsters clams, Veggie and black bean steak. Very enjoyable
5 Great late night spot for all you night owls. Come to Wo Hop for comfort food and great service until 4:30 in the morning. Sketchiest restaurant conversations I've ever heard. Very aggressive date happening next to a pair of men discussing insurance fraud. Tape your picture against the wall for a chance at fame alongside the many other 2000's headshots.
2 Biking around Chinatown one fine morning, I noticed a long line of people queued up to go underground. Naturally, I followed.  The prices don't seem to rhyme with the underground charm. I can pay $7-15 for a midday meal anywhere else in the city for cleaner surroundings. The food is nothing to write home about. Yet another grungy tourist trap.
5 This place is amazing!! You have to look for it bc you will walk right past it if not paying attention. Service is quick and we were seated fast. The food is made to order! Fresh, hot, and absolutely delicious! The staff does not speak much English so don't ask for recommendations. Cash only!!!
5 Back again after a long hiatus. Same great late night food. Same great servers who sling plates of hot food without a care in the world. The hot n sour is perfect. The pork fried rice is greasy and delicious. The fried dumplings are huge and filled to the brim with pork. The beef and scallions were so hot and juicy it would make a grown man cry.
5 NYC classic go down the stairs to experience this wonderful establishment. While not the most spic and span the line going down the stairs moves reasonably fast. People go there for the efficient service, ample portions, unbelievable variety of dishes and their willingness to create the dish you want. We have been going here for over 40 years and never been disappointed. It is CASH only.
5 Listen, if you're coming here for white glove service or snooty Manhattan ambience, turn right around. Wo Hop's is an INSTITUTION. The dumplings are some of the best around and the roast duck chow fun is smokey, chewy, crispy, and oh-so delicious. Each meal comes with a pot of free pot of tea, the place is BYOB, and it's open late...what could be better??  Highly recommend the crispy wontons for snacking pre-meal, the smells wafting through will have your mouth watering in no time.
2 Ehhhhh not my favorite place however the food was decent. Went there for dinner with my GF and it was crowded. I felt like the service was rushed, and when I asked for recommendations.... there was none because our waiter barely spoke English.   This is a 24/7 restaurant in canal street and it's very popular, maybe I didn't come at a good time and willing to give them another try and see what happens.  We had dumplings, sautéed pork and shrimp fried rice
5 Very good food the restaurant is 100 years old in Chinatown. New York City. It's Tucktaway in a little corner. Everything was really good
4 My friend and I walked to South Street Seaport and we were going to have lunch in the area. Nothing really appealed and we were close enough to Chinatown so we went to Wo Hop. It is located on a basement level and the stairs going down are quite steep. There did not appear to be access for the disabled. We went downstairs and were seated immediately. They brought us fried noodles and the hot mustard and duck sauce for dipping along with water. Hot tea did not appear to be an option. We always tend to overdo it in terms of over ordering so this time we got two eggrolls and one dish-the sesame chicken. The eggrolls arrived first-very hot and the sesame chicken soon followed. It was plenty for the two of us to eat and we were both glad that we did not order a second dish. The restroom was clean and well maintained and my friend left her sunglasses in the restroom and they were promptly returned. It was inexpensive for the two of us-one caveat-cash only!
4 Use to be a regular here. This is the one place I always tell people about, when they ask for a late night eatery. I would come after work, during lunch, after a late night out partying, or just when I was in the mood. This place never seems to disappoint. The food is always prepared quick and tastes fresh every time.   Two things that you should be aware of when you choose to dine here:  1) They don't accept payment transactions by any form of credit or debit card, CASH ONLY !  2) The restaurant is very small so you won't have too much room around your table. There's usually a wait for a table so don't always expect to be in & out right away !  The chicken with broccoli is ALWAYS on point here, as well as the soups, especially the wonton. Can't ever go wrong by ordering it here !   The restaurant is located in Chinatown so there's plenty of subway access around the area, not much parking, especially since the streets are extremely narrow.
3 Food is good the staff is rude and not friendly and all . Also they can use a shower and a nail clipper
1 Due to high recommendations, came here to try it out. Not impressed by the food. Entrees had a lot of fluff to make it look like you're getting a large dish of food. Food was a bit stale. Overloading on sauces can't even disguise the staleness. No offense but not my ideal place to eat.
4 Greattttt food after hours. Literally after the club hours this place is still serving best dishes at local Chinese store prices. The general Tso was so good especially since I was super drunk. Another great part is the food portions are good. The food comes out hot and quick and a lot. they're polite and take their time.
3 I really enjoyed this little whole in the wall resturant!  Delicious fried rice and shrimp chow mein! Will definitely come back next time I'm in the city!
4 When this place is at capacity upstairs at WH City will do.  One plate of Chicken Lo Mein and one plate of Chicken Chow Fun and that's just for me!!!!!!!!
3 The food is delish, 4 stars for the food. But the employee's attitudes that's another story, the workers are rude. I went in to ask how long would the wait be, and one of the workers rudely told me he did not know to just wait outside until the line went down. After finally eating I payed the bill with cash and they just kept the change, didn't even give me a chance to decide how much I wanted to tip.
5 Great great great this place is cash only remember. Food was excellent.i really enjoyed my dinner! A must go to when visiting New York
4 Came to NY and our son was craving some Chinese food, asked several locals and they recommended this place.  A bit small for my taste felt claustrophobic for a bit but the food was great! Loved Loved the shrimp lo mein!
2 Yelp reviews worse than Google.  Yelp is more accurate. Not the best food or service. The lo mein tasted burnt and the dishes do not come with rice.  The waiter seemed unhappy to have customers. Literally. On the positive side, the food came pretty quickly. Too bad it wasn't very good.
5 Oh hellllll yes. This place is just incredible. Lines are long, so don't come here during, before, or after rush hour. More of a 2-4 PM type of place. You'll know it's Wo Hop if you see a line of people just gradually disappearing under ground. The prices are incredible, portions are humongous, service is outstanding. A+ in all aspects.
5 We were visiting NYC for the weekend and wanted really good Chinese food, as the Chinese food in South Florida has a lot to be desired. Wo Hop came highly recommended by several friends and I'm so glad that we went! The food was amazing!  As we waited in the small hallway to get seated (The restaurant is pretty small maybe 10 or 12 tables) we chatted with others waiting to be seated. They were all regulars and told us that the food was fabulous and that we would not be disappointed.  The portions are huge and even though it was just had two of us, we ordered several things. Egg rolls, spare ribs, special fried rice, sweet and sour chicken and beef with string beans. My mouth is watering. The hard noodles are so good... nothing like the ones we get in South Florida. It seemed like most of the diners did the same thing, as there were numerous dishes on the tables.  The prices are very very reasonable. Our bill was just about $50.  Keep in mind that they only accept cash. You need to walk down a staircase to get into the restaurant.  We will definitely be back!
2 A tourist trap and a late night go to for  bridge and tunnnelers after the clubs close.  Mediocre at best.  Food is slung at you by waiters who don't care.
4 A visit to Chinatown in New York City with my two grandchildren (14 and 17) called for a trip to Wop Hop City which was a recommendation from a co-worker of my daughter.  We could not help but notice the 'A' designation from the City of New York Board of Health while walking in.  Please note that this is a cash only establishment.  The soup starters received grades of very good for the hot & sour soup to average for the egg drop.  My wife ordered fried dumplings which she said was quite excellent and the vegetable eggrolls were also quite good.  Food was brought out whenever they were done so if you are looking for a restaurant where all food is brought out at the same time, this is not the place.  All five at our table appreciated being served when the food was seconds from the stove and piping hot so as far as we were concerned, that was a good thing.  Here are the results:  Orange chicken was very tasty.  Kung Pao Shrimp was average and would have been better with bigger sized shrimp like the kind they served at my neighbors table in her shrimp in garlic.  The General Tso's was the favorite of the whole table and the Four Seasons was good as well.  The portions are large and the service was very professional and timely.  My grandkids got a kick out of the fact the wait staff wrote the order in Chinese.  All in all, although no hit and miss, we all felt the results were better than three stars but not worth a five.  I would go for the experience and stick with the cantonese specialties.  Worth the trip.
5 I would go with my fellow boounces after wrk in 1985 -1987 about....We still talk about it today...I wish they had a mail order ...Many would buy
3 If a Chinese restaurant and a diner had a baby, this would be it. The restaurant is located in a basement with old school diner seating and the waitstaff are dressed to fit the ambiance. The wait to get in usually on the longer side so keep that in mind. I do think the food was good Chinese food , but I've had better. I think this is more a fad than an amazing food place.
1 Had dinner last week.  My wife and 2 of my kids that ate chicken and vegetables vomited all night.  We were about to go to the hospital but it seemed like they had vomited all the bad food eaten.   I called Wo Hop and they said come in and they will give me another order !!!!! Omg are they kidding.  I asked for the manager and they then pretended to not speak English.   Stay away if you cherish your life !!!!
5 If your the type of person that loves to find hidden gems then look no further you just found one! The food is so fresh here and the taste is nothing like regular takeout that your use to. Dine downstairs as the upstairs is not the same even if you have to wait on line. Yes a line forms to get into the bottom restaurant. That should tell you everything! The roast duck is to die for and so is the Lo mein. My favorite spot when I'm out in the area. I'd easily recommend this place to anyone looking for good Chinese.
5 food is always outstanding... place is small and there's usually a little wait but always worth it
4 Woo hop is a Chinese institution for people who have grown up their whole life eating it as well as tourists coming to New York for the first time. The restaurant that I prefer is downstairs. It is small so there is always a line going down into the restaurant. The food is always fresh, plentiful and delicious. Their signature dish is 4D chow fun which is chow fun with chicken. Shrimp. Shrimp and pork. Their hot and sour soup is the best around!
5 If your looking for Chinese food at all hours of the night this is your place!!!!! Everything is good from the chips at the start of your meal until your last meal. I highly recommend the boneless spare ribs, the fried dumplings, and the duck fried rice. They are all great and huge portion. You will definitely leave super stuffed for a great price .
4 A solid and reliable place to grab authentic Cantonese food at.  It's a no-frills restaurant that serves good Cantonese food. Everything is portioned family-style (think big) so go in with a few good friends and order a bunch of things and share. Or just splurge on yourself and take it home as leftovers. (:  We had the pork fried rice (must have), clams with black bean sauce, snails with black bean sauce, and the lobster. All sooooo good! This is not the kind of Chinese food you get at your neighborhood take out spot.   If you have visiting relatives - take them here! The Chinese food in NYC is famous for a reason and you'll get some of the best of it here. It's also 24 hours which is a super bonus.   Yes, the service isn't that great and if you need a waiter's attention you will need to flag them down. And yes I'll admit, I had to to get up on my own and go to the utensil station to get more napkins for my table since no waiter wanted to come by. For the most part, yes, the waiters will barely acknowledge you. But if you're familiar with these type of restaurants you will go in knowing what kind of service to expect. I'll leave this at that.
4 Look I know this is probably a cheesy place - I don't care. We were shown this place when we were on a free tours by foot tour and Chinatown and Little Italy about five years ago. And we fell in love with it. So each time we're New York we come here because it's great food and the folks who work here are amazing. I swear they speak every language there is to speak. I've heard them speaking Portuguese, Spanish, English, etc. It's a tiny place and we only go to the one in the basement; we've never been to the one upstairs.
1 They really need to improve the service here. The servers are super rude.  Won't come here again.
5 Used to come regularly after drinking all nite....needed that delicious greasy Chinese food! Haven't been here in maybe 15 years or so but I hear it's still busy at 4am and the food still great. Will come back one day but this place was run down hole in the wall downstairs and it was perfect!!! My parents used to love this place too, they took me here thru the 80's and I took my friends here thru the 90's.
3 I had great expectations for New York's famous Chinatown and I don't mind taking a dive at a hole in the wall. I liked some of the food but overall I wasn't impressed. However, I wasn't in control of what food was being ordered so maybe I would have chosen entrees that I would have enjoyed more.
5 Probably one of my favorite childhood Chinese American restaurant located in Manhattan. The plates are big and the food comes out fast from the kitchen.
5 This review is for the downstairs restaurant. The place as a really great diner atmosphere with pictures crowding the wall of both local celebrities and customers who've sent back photos of their travels and family photos to the owners. It has Cheers-esque vibe with many regulars coming in to chat up the chefs and enjoy the DELICIOUS food. This place is so good that in one weekend we went for late dinner on Friday and then returned for take two on Sunday. Both times we had the excellent fried chicken wings which comes with lemon which pairs with it perfectly. We also enjoyed the steamed dumplings, wonton soup and the curry chicken. The curry came paired with noodles in a garlicky sauce with tomatoes which was so good my boyfriend and I were basically fighting for the last bite. Cannot wait for our next trip!
3 Meat in dishes is very tender and juicy. Sauces are over salted. Prices versus portion sizes are actually great. Staff who sat us and took our orders were quite rude, but staff who came around and bussed the tables were terrific. Menu is expensive, but it could use some organizing.
5 I don't live in New York. Nor have I ever been to this restaurant but the homie just sent me a text raving about how he ate here the last 4/5 nights. Thank you for keeping him happy. Y'all are the real MVPS.
1 Absolute shit. Had 3 dishes, all was very bad and I would say expensive for the quality. Would never come back.
4 True Manhattan legend-being spoiled with Boston American Chinese - real treat for me to stay somewhere else in this country still get some good Chinese food in really late or early in the morning, they were a few things that I didn't understand the way they view the chicken finger's totally different they actually call cut up chicken.. and the amount of sodium they use. But then the gpod. the spicy Beef is what they're known for. I choose the spicy pork. One Ton soup , pork fried rice,  Best of the best... Open 24 -7- -- for anyone from Boston who remember Golden gate in the 80s is the only way you can understand this type of food. Boston you're missing one of these places.. downfall is it is it a basement in Manhattan so don't look around you may see something you didn't want to see this is why I connected to the Golden Gate.. Service is unbelievable These guys are really are wonderful... these guys of been in the game since they call Manhattan  New Amsterdam....,: Argentine  Cowboys Boston ma......
4 What can I say been coming here since 2000 and it never disappoints any time of day!!! Food is always hot and delicious. Upstairs or downstairs the service is always on point!
4 The Real Deal in Chinatown. Downstairs and busy, busy. If you're not there by 5pm, you're waiting. Food authentic and phenomenal! Our table had wanton egg drop soup, egg rolls, spare ribs, Szechuan Beef, Crispy Hunan Pork, General Tsos and Lo Mein and everyone was blown away. Even picky teenagers finished off their mountain of food. Tiny place with dollar bills and pictures of famous visitors all over the wall. Service fast but impersonal due to the hectic business, but it does not detract from the meal. Find it on Mott St. south of Pelly and enjoy!
4 This is a great institution that I have been going to over 20 years. The place is still a Hole in the Wall but the food is still great. It has great character. The giant egg rolls are to die for. Most places you can't find these anymore. If you want to see Asians good luck besides the help or people like me who have fond memories of this place. But it is still authentic
5 This is an unassuming restaurant where the locals know serves absolutely delicious Chinese food! All the food was very fresh and plentiful. Real quality chicken and pork. We ordered: LoMein, steamed vegetables, egg rolls, boneless spare ribs, chicken fried rice, orange chicken, fried shrimp. It was all so good, we can't wait for our next NYC trip to eat here again. The restaurant is open 24 hrs., has been open since the 1930's so it is quite old and nothing fancy to look at but, eat here and your tastebuds will not be disappointed...Delicious!!
5 What can I say. THE BEST CHINESE FOOD IN THE WORLD!!!   A TRUE NYC LANDMARK  Whatever you do, DONT MISS IT!!!!!! PS there are two venues, upstairs and downstairs; I recommend downstairs for an authentic experience. The last time I was there Joe Pesci sat right across from me!!!
5 This used to be my go to place after hours, I'm glad to see it hasn't changed. Great ambiance, the downstairs has pictures from patrons. I suggest you bring a Polaroid camera to snap your own mementos.  The food is great, the servers are great, the vibe in the place is great. The price is reasonable and the service is fast. They also have an upstairs or ground level, but it's quieter. I suggest you go there at least once
4 Not as good as I remembered but I was last here over 20 years ago!! Good cheap Chinese food. Chow fun was our favorite, also boneless ribs were delish! Skip the fried wontons... too greasy, no real flavor. Better sesame chicken uptown. Fried rice really good. Fun for a group, expect to wait and feel a bit cramped once you sit down, but you will not leave hungry, and you won't spend a fortune.
4 Wo Hop is a classic establishment sort of reminds me of a diner-esque vibe, however in a Chinese restaurant. So for the food. The food isn't amazing however it's a step above any neighborhood corner Chinese spot. The one dish for me which ranks above all else is the salt and pepper shrimp. Please go out of your way to get this specific dish. The dish is a easy standout and amazing, flavor composition is on point. The other dishes are good, fried rice, General Tso, Chow Mien.   This place seems to be perfect to venture after a long night of drinking and if your craving some Chinese food. Gotta respect the history of this place which is filled with pictures and autographs everywhere.   It's good Chinese and definitely better than your neighborhood joint. However I honestly feel that it could be way better if they put some real thought and attention to quality within all there dishes.
1 Complete crap if you're looking for peking duck wraps.  They don't do the typical duck with hoisin sauce and crepes -- they do the duck skin, sauce, and buns, then about 30 minutes later the actual duck meat came out cooked with a bunch of veg and in a different sauce.  We went because we wanted the standard duck meat crepes -- which the waitress confirmed they served -- but wound up picking off tiny bits of meat from the duck skin for 30 minutes before they brought out the rest of the meat, which was covered in sauce instead of being plain so we could dip it in hoisin sauce.  The service was also terrible.  She came by only to take our order and drop off the food.  She was curt and honestly rude.   With so many other places to go to in Chinatown, skip this one and head elsewhere.
1 What a tremendous disappointment to go back to this iconic establishment after a few years to discover that the food now joins the rest of it as substandard. The food used to be so good that we looked past the poor decor and service.  No more.  We ordered string beans in garlic sauce ---the beans were rotten; chicken in black bean sauce --we stopped eating after one bite as the chicken tasted not just bad but spoiled and unsafe; a shrimp Szechuan - horrible --vegetables sad, shrimp barely passable, sauce just tasted horrible; and a spinach with garlic sauce ----the only thing that was ok.  We went there looking forward to a delicious meal (and waited on line for 30 minutes to get into the restaurant) but encountered among the worse food either of us had had eating out in NYC.   We had a few bites, told the staff we were shocked at how bad the food was compared to previous years.  The wait staff responded that the food was good and that we were perhaps just not that hungry. Service as expected!  Unfortunately, their previous reputation as being a great place in Chinatown creates lines out the door. I felt bad for the lines of people as we left. I have never taken the time to write a yelp review but I was so dismayed by how bad was that I have had to write my first one. This was just about the worst dining experiences I have ever had after 30 years of living in NYC and felt it was a responsibility to warn people.
5 I have been eating at Wo Hop for 40 years, never had a bad meal, always on point. I never ate upstairs, always in the basement. If you are in the City, and want Chinese food, head to Wo Hop. Also, they never close, ever. I was told many years ago, when they opened Wo Hop, in the 20s, the owner threw away the keys, it's never been closed.
4 I took my children here for the Chinese New Year and they loved it! They are so eager to return. If you're ever in new york city it's a must but be prepared to wait!
4 Wo Hop is not the goto Chinese Restaurant in NYC.  I doubt the staff at Wo Hop have read any of these reviews on Yelp.  That is the charm of Wo Hop, it is like going back in time, 60's-70's, Chinese American NYC Cuisine.  Monogramed collared shirts, Graffiti Walls, bright, loud, and tight quarters.  They have classic items on the menu:  Fried Wonton, Egg Drop Soup, Moo Goo Gai Pan, Sweet and Pungent Pork, "Sweet and Sour, Egg Foo Young.  If you are expecting Michelin Star, Hunan, Szechuan, or even Cantonese Style dining experience this may not be the place for you.  In parting the places is open from 10:30 am until 4:30 am, and nothing on the menu is over $19.50.  "You have been warned"!
5 Such yummy old fashioned American Chinese food.  Don't make the mistake and go to the upstairs location that is Wo Hop City.  Wo Hop City is okay food and they add your tip on to your bill.  Wo Hop food is so much better and they don't add the tip to your bill.  Can't say how yummy this food was.  Was just like what I   grew up eating in California.
3 We were in the mood for Chinese and we were told this place was delicious so we decided give it a try. The restaurant is down a flight of stairs and is very small and cramped inside. It's not the most pleasing place to eat as everything looks to be from the 70s and the walls are covered in pictures and pen marks from people that have eaten there. The menu is huge with tons of options, but no descriptions of what you'll be getting. Everything is very cheap for NYC standards and for the 5 of us, we only spent $50 and had lots is leftovers. The employees aren't the most attentive... we say there for a while waiting for our check and water and tea was spilled over our food when the server was refilling our glasses with no apology. Would not recommend this place, I'm sure there's much better Chinese food in the city.
5 It's the best Chinese food we've had. So flavorful and we loved the eggrolls, the won ton soup, the lo mein and the chicken with broccoli. Every item was fresh and delicious.   I'd make a point to visit Wo Hop if you're anywhere in NYC.
5 Absurdly underrated on Yelp. This downstairs dive is a favorite of mine for almost 30 years. It's fresh, great tasting food and so reasonably priced. It's not creative or "chef inspired" but so what? It's a classic and if I come to NYC and don't make it here, I'm bummed.
3 Think chop suey restaurant from the mid century encapsulated in time and you have Wo Hop. This place is often filled with foreigners getting their "Chinese Food", typically fried chicken wings, egg rolls, spare ribs, boneless ribs, fried wonton, fried rice etc. It really is great for that but they also have the ABCs (American Born Chinese) getting their version of Chinese Food which is usually some type of stir fry with gravy on top of rice, but also the chicken wings. The restaurant is open very late and one of the few places to choose from at 2am in the morning. They are consistent with their food. But mostly laced with soy sauce and gravy and MSG. If that's your thing, then this is the place.  On my humble opinion, Hop Lee across the street is way more solid than this place and has way better service.  But after 11pm this is the place to go.
3 It was okay. Not sure what all the hype is about.  We waited for a while so I thought it would be better than it was. I got chicken with garlic, hubby got Szechuan beef. We didn't finish our food and there was no reason to bring it home for left overs.
5 I've been going to Wo Hoo for years and it's always been a great inexpensive New York Chinatown Classic!  It isn't fancy but it's always good. We always bring out of town guests and it never disappoints.
3 My shrimp fried rice was nothing special, though a descent portion for the price. My friends loved their food and thought it was one of the better Chinese meals they had and they got orange chicken, duck something, pork something. Plenty of seating inside in a not so busy area of china town.
5 I know there's a million Chinese restaurants in NYC . But to me personally is by far the best One in NYC! Amazing selection of food all served family style for a great price. Cash only- atm outside door!   In pic. (Bottom to top)  Young chow fried rice Chicken chow mein  szechuan beef  Sautéed string beans
4 If you are looking for wonderful Lo Mein this is the place to go. I had the shrimp Lo Mein - the shrimp were not those little shrimp that are defrosted by medium size and fresh. The noodles were not greasy.
5 I went here 20 years ago.  I saw tonight that the food critic Jonathan choban was there. I had amazing dumplings and moo soo pork. Actually everything is authentic.  Fresh and peivecotcrge best in China's town. A must  do when I go back to New York as I live in Florida
2 I came to this restaurant because it had a lot of reviews (1,100 reviews) and was open late at night. The food was probably the worst Chinese food I have ever had. The orange chicken was the worst quality meat with many pieces of fat that were chewy or even hard (not edible). The steamed dumplings were essentially balls of cars with a little vegetable on the inside. The fried rice was the only thing that was okay, however even that was undercooked. I could never recommend this restaurant to anyone in fact the only recommending I would do is to NOT come here.
3 I had lunch there last week (the one downstairs). It brought me back to a dinner I had in the '80's; 5 of us were full and even took home the leftovers. All for about $20 ,and the food was great. Last week, I had roast pork wonton soup and chicken mai fun. The soup was just ok, and was discounted as a lunch special ($2.00 instead of $4.95)  and the chicken was just ok too. Service was fast, friendly and efficient.
5 This is one of the best chinese restaurants i've ever been to... and the prices are ridiculously reasonable. If you want to try something special get either the dumplings or the orange beef... they are two of my favorites, but everything is good!
5 A close friend wanted to take me here and I was at first annoyed for how far she wanted to travel to it but it was definitely worth the trip! Yum
5 One of my favorite place to eat in Chinatown. The underground location is small but it's a nice old fashion atmosphere with nice waiters and lively customers. The food is simply amazing, whenever I go there I get duck chow fun because it has a nice flavor to it or I get shrimp with lobster sauce on rice which melts in your mouth. The prices is great and it's a nice spot to come to after a long night at school or work. Definitely would come back with a group of friends. Highly recommended!!
5 If your from New York, you already know! If not go late at night and go down stairs. AMAZING the best best chinese food!!!! just look at the pictures on the walls you know you are somewhere special!
4 Great spot. Decent hot and sour soup although no tofu in it; not too many mushrooms, no carrots which some places use as filler, not much bamboo, normal flavor and thickness. Sesame chicken was pretty good, decent quality chicken. They have brown rice. Not inexpensive and there don't seem to be lunch special options, but it's a bunch of food. Kitschy and cute vibe with people adding graffitied dollar bills to the walls all the time. When you sit down they bring small Glasses of hot tea and water. Service was a bit abrupt and surly, but they get the job done. Not a ton of seating but it moves quickly. The food itself want anything wildly special but the food was totally adequate and the ambience was above average for New York Chinatown, I'll definitely be back and I'd recommend it for a solid choice. It picks up for dinner around 5pm.
4 Wo Hop is fulfilling in many ways. If you're hungry and you tend to be nostalgic, this is the perfect place to enjoy old school Chinese American food.  Dumplings and wontons, General Tso's chicken, cold Tsing Tao... it's all here.
3 I found this spot after reading a few reviews on the Acela while heading to NYC to see some of my kinfolk before I attended a conference.  After reviewing the menu I decided to get a little bit of everything to set up a informal tasting.  I ended up ordering Shrimp Fried Rice, Beef with Broccoli, Chicken Wings with Oyster sauce, Wo Hop Lo Mein, General Tso's (extra spicy), Egg Drop Soup, and a couple of egg rolls.  First let me say the wait staff was very attentive though I was getting a large take out order. If I had to take a knock at this place it would be for the waiters to have a bit cleaner serving jackets. But hey it is Wo Hop so I would not expect anything else.       All the food I ordered except for the soup and egg rolls had a lot of sauce.   Overall the kinfolk liked the food however the favorites were General Tso's, Beef with Broccoli, and the Wo Hop Lo Mein.  Next time I am in NY the family wants to try the Salt and Pepper (Fried) Chicken wings.
4 Outstanding food, good service, was a lil off-put by them placing a fork on my tea plate assuming that because I'm white I can't use chopsticks. The dumplings are huge and the lo mein is full of flavor. Love that they're open epically late.
3 Came in for one thing only, snails!!!!!   Got it to go and the chefs cooked it right up. Less pricey than their neighbor Hop Kee.  Honestly, a bit disappointed in their snails. It was a black bean sauce, but the sauce really lacked the pizzaz. The flavor was bland, salty, no spice. The positive was that these snails came out really easily.  I'll go back to Hop Kee for snails next time
5 All I can say is... THE ROAST PORK FRIED RICE IS INCREDIBLE. I will continue to come here solely for that rice dish. We also had some tasty orange chicken and veggie egg rolls. Definitely worth the trip to Chinatown in 16 degree weather! The service is quick and friendly. The best touch is the free hot tea and water you get as soon as you sit down. The hot tea was very appreciated on this cold day!
4 If you're craving late night Chinese food, this is the spot.   Hop in a cab and go get it.   The place is sorta dumpy but the food is killer, especially if you've had a few drinks ;)  Yum.
5 We eat here at least once on every trip to New York City. This trip we scored a table to the basement restaurant, believe me the decor makes it worth the wait. Again, food was great as was service. Cash only so be prepared. Portions are enough for 2, rice is extra, soup is hot and filling especially on such cold winter days. Staff here seems never to change and may not be very talkative but the are very efficient and will recommend best dishes
3 Hits the spot when you're craving Chinese food. I've been going for over 20 years to Wo Hop, it's a hidden gem in an underground shop in Chinatown. Greasy, but full of flavor.
2 Fresher tasting food than your run-of-the-mill Chinese takeout. My dad said the duck wasn't great. My food was fine. That atmosphere feels like a NYC throwback--my favorite thing about it. The waiters can be cheeky, rude, or sweet depending on what minute you catch them in. We didn't eat a lot of our food yet the waiter rudely stared at the receipt and the tip we gave him in disbelief (yep 10% sounds right seeing as we were squished in the vestibule for 15 minutes). My dad gave in to his request, but that's fine seeing as I'll never come back.  Clearly overrated. It's like the Joe's Pizza of Chinese food: (maybe they used to be good) first it's for the transplants, then the tourists follow along. It's for people who don't want to venture into the boroughs, but who don't need to since what Manhattan offers is far superior to what they are used to.
4 We usually go to the one in the basement but with three cold and tired kids, and a line, that wasn't feasible. So this is a review for upstairs. We were seated right away and the service was good. The food didn't disappoint. We ordered beef chow fun, chicken lo mein, general Taos chicken ( the only thing that was just ok) and dumplings. Besides the food being delicious, the one other thing that I liked was how accommodating they were. A cell phone needed to be charged and they let us use their phone charger.  We weren't rushed out and they were ok with us waiting inside to wait for our uber.  I'm not sure if they are owned by the Same family but upstairs was yummy, just like downstairs.
5 Hole in the wall, but AMAZING. The food is delicious and you can't beat the prices. The only downfall is they're cash only, but they have an ATM right by the entrance. Make sure you order the fried noodles when you sit down. They're addicting!
5 24 hour Chinese in Chinatown and good at that! Need I say more! It's under ground but don't be scared. The staff was really great too!
5 Best Chinese food in Chinatown! Service was great and the price just right. Will definitely return when in town.
4 Ever since I moved out of Chinatown, I had this craving for eggs with meat stir fried crabs. They have the best crabs in Chinatown. Instead of rice, try to order rice congee. Crab and congee goes great together. I will be back for delicious food.  Food:5/5 see pictures Service:4/5 cash only, atm inside Decor: 3/5 ghetto Chinatown, bathroom full of graffiti.
5 This place is a hole in the wall, but OH MY GOD IS IT GOOD! Best Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. (I ate downstairs, not the upstairs restaurant)  Their black bean sauce is excellent and all of the seafood dishes we ordered were fresh and flavorful.  Not only was the food good but it was reasonably priced. (Very important note: they only accept cash. No credit cards or checks)
2 Wo Hop has gone down hill. Egg rolls large but only ingredient discernible in them was cabbage. Roast pork and spareribs barely warm. Egg foo young bland sauce barely brown. This used to be a good reliable stop. I was very disappointed!
5 Oh MY GOSH Foodies!! I've NEVER had a better Hot and Sour soup. It is unbelievably good! Spicy, nice broth, plenty of bamboo shoots and shiitake mushrooms. It is killer. Next! Steamed dumplings and they were oudda this world. Not kidding. Big, with a ball of pork, and a wonderful brown sauce that was kinda sweet...Szechuan shrimp was fabulous. Creamy sauce, got jumbo shrimp, bell peppers and shiitake mushrooms. Husband had Beef and broccoli. Don't knock it! This is THE BEST CHINESE FOOD I've ever had. Ever. Ever.
5 This place is the best Chinese place I have tasted in my life! Make sure when You go you go to the one down the stairs. It's kind of small with the tables very close to one another but trust me, it's worth it. This place is open 24/7 and it's the best place you can go after a night of drinking.
2 I was really craving some char siu wonton mein.  Friend suggested Wo Hop with the pops and brother.  We also ordered some egg rolls, beef over rice and clams in sauce.  The char siu wonton mein was not what I hoped for.  The noodles were the thick lo mein noodles.  The broth was decent though.  Char siu was also pretty lean and (too) dry.
5 Now, before we go into this review, I need to take a moment to warn you. This is your last chance. After this, there is no turning back. You go to the Wo Hop upstairs - the review ends, you have a decent to mediocre meal in a Chinese restaurant, and believe whatever you want to believe. You go to the Wo Hop downstairs - you stay in Wonderland and I show you how deep the rabbit-hole goes.  With all apologies to Laurence Fishburne for stealing his iconic line, I can not impress how important it is that you choose to go to the Wo Hop in the basement - there is a night and day difference between the two. The first thing to note is the line: although the steps to the basement give ample room for a line, often people spill out onto the sidewalk waiting. When finally getting into the restaurant, don't be put off by the grungy aesthetic or the tiny tables jammed like sardines - the final product is well worth it.   Much like any good dive bar, Wo Hop fulfills 3 important criteria: cheap, tasty and open when you need it (24/7). Food is always greasy and delicious. The fried dumplings are a particular favorite along with the pork fried rice, all made better by the generous portions. While more and more of chinatown becomes upscale and fancy, its a reassurance to be able to stumble into Wo Hop after an all night partying session and be able to grab a big plate of food.  One important thing to note - Wo Hop is cash only!! Theres a ATM outside, but plan ahead and bring the dough ahead of time.
4 I have eaten here in the past. This review is for 11-12-17. We went here for a nice early afternoon lunch. We were not disappointed. We ordered roast duck lo mein love it, jumbo shrimp with lobster sauce it's making me drool, General Tso's chicken typical flavor, fried dumplings meh, and of course white rice. Basement level and  unpretentious. Venture here you are sure to be dazzled by something on their vast menu.
4 Great little hipster joint food is good people are nice where is a great has been here for ever now see in a little bit too hipster for us
3 Grungy. Cheap. Fried. Open all day. A menu so large you'll think you're reading an encyclopedia. Come. Realize that this is where the NY locals and even police officers will be at 3 in the morning on a weekday.  So many food options with quick, marginal service and interior that looks like it hasn't changed in the last 30 years.  Cheap. Greasy. Good. Fried. You're probably drunk. If you really need to eat, you're probably open minded and just looking for some grub. Come through. It's an underground institution.
5 By far my favorite chinese food restaurant. My wife and I go there every time we get to the city. The food is great and the price is very cheap. I usually get the lemon chicken, egg drop soup and steamed dumplings.
5 I would never have walked down those steps without guidance from true New Yorkers! This was the best experience! Husband and I could have gone anywhere for our 27th anniversary but we picked We Hop! Restaurant did not let us down! The wait was even fun. We wanted to taste everything but only ordered 4 items.... way too much food but not expensive. Only downside was we were staying at a hotel so we didn't take leftovers. We will be back probably every trip into the city now.
3 We visited NYC last week and i was excited to try this place.  The service was good  I will say -but the food was just ok.  I wouldn't go back - save your time and money the food does NOT look like the pictures.  We went to the one on the street level not the downstairs one - maybe there's a difference.
5 A area Police Traffic Lady recommended this place and said to go to the downstairs one  Yum yum yum Six of us from Fort Smith and Van Buren, Arkansas ate our fill, some with beer! It was so good, fresh absolutely delicious !  Best place to eat in New York Chinatown  Small place but if you can get in, it is so worthy of your time!
5 Best Chinese I ever ate. Great prices, huge portions, open late. What else could u ask for. I travel all the way from Long Island for their food.
5 just came home from 7 nights in manhattan,new York.we had Chinese food 6 of those nights.lol.3 of them at wo hop.wish this place was in manhattan beach,xlnt Chinese food.
5 Food is delicious super authentic I'd recommend getting takeout if your in a rush because the line is always long but it's sooo worth the wait. You have to try this place at least once
5 Just as good as I remembered it to be. The hot and sour soup and wonton soup are AMAZING. Followed by the roast lo mein which is cooked to perfection and sesame chicken. A meal so good that I had to buy the t shirt from there to represent!
5 There is only one Wo Hop , Its 17 Mott street Down Stairs ONLY. If you have eaten at Wo Hop Upstairs. You have been had . This NYC institute of Chinese gastronomy is amazing. CASH ONLY!! This place is open 24/ 7 daze, except Chinese new year. Small close quarter dining. I have been coming here since the era of the dancing and Tic Tac Toe Playing Chicken, ( Directly across the street ) Now a condo .  Be prepared to wait for a table , in the narrow stairway leading to the entrance, if they are jamming.  Gotta start with the Krispy noodles and soup , wonton, sweet N Sour , egg drop. served piping hot . Jumbo Shrimp in black bean sauce , ( Specify Jumbo or ya get smaller prawns) Orange chicken , Beef N Broccoli , Roast Pork Chow Fun, Ribs, moo shoo pork , Lobster sooong . All very good, The same waiters have been there since they were 8 years old , Good & Fast Service , Quick turnover, Busy nites are weekends and dinner hours . Check it out ..  If the line is long .....Shhhhhhhh...Heres secret, Dumpling Lady ,Just around the corner next to the church is a small hole in the wall that serves only Dumplings ...5 for a buck .(One dollar) They are open only till 9;00PM, so ya can grab a few to hold ya over if you are starving ..
1 Used to be good but this place has lost its edge. Their duck fried rice was the saltiest thing I've ever tasted. If you like fried rice with your soy sauce come here because everything is doused with sodium. The fried pork chop was basically rubbed with equal parts salt and starch then deep fried.  Their vegetable Lo Mein had a uniform color and only had five pieces of broccoli in it. It was a greasy mess of salty brown sauce.   This place is best at servicing the drunk crowd; their 4D Lo Mein is great for those late night munchies.
5 I like this place. If your waiting on a Fri, Sat or Sun around dinner time it does get extremely busy and you are forced to wait on the steps and watch people eat LOL. But it goes fast and the guys that work here are super nice and attentive. The food is great and they do NOT rush you. Stop here if you are in Chinatown, a little hard to find but w o r t h i t b a b y !
5 Shhh... Don't read this. Definitely DO NOT come to Wo Hop. I don't need more people coming and making my wait longer. Already, I stand outside in the little waiting area nearly drowning in my own drool as I anticipate the food.   Definitely DO NOT get chicken kew in black bean sauce. Yes, the chicken rests in pillows of deliciousness as they are bathed in a sauce from the heavens. Yes, I have been known to lick the plate clean. And the serving spoon, too.   Definitely SKIP the steamed dumplings. The tender noodles that lovingly wrap the meat mixture can turn the worst day into a day of sunshine, rainbows, and unicorns.   And, whatever you do, PASS on the beef chow fun. The tender pieces of beef that slip and slide gently between sheets of noodles that are both soft and chewy and the same time may restore your faith in mankind and all that is good in this world.   It's best you just keep walking... don't look down the narrow steps. Surely there is a splashier tourist trap you can visit.   Shhhhh...
4 Memories I will never forget: stepping down into a place with a chill atmosphere, away from tourism and delectable food.
4 This is one of our late night spots in Chinatown because it never closes.  They have a downstairs basement and an upstairs but we were directed upstairs because it caters more to the Chinese speaking clientele.  We've come here for years and I insist on ordering from the gold Chinese menu as oppose to the red English menu.  We usually first ask in Chinese what veggies are in season and then proceed to order the main dishes.  We always share and eat family style.  That's the Chinese way.  These are some of my standards which cannot fail and depending on how late you're eating, you can order more or less.  The seafood chow mein is pan fried noodles with an assortment of stir fried seafood, shrimp, scallops, squid, fishcake and bok choy piled on top.  We also had half a fried chicken which looked and tasted like it was refried, not bad but not as good as fresh.  Another dish we like but did not order because it was late and it was only the two of us is the Peking pork chop, think sweetly glazed pork chops.  They're addictive but a little heavy for a late dinner.  Another dish which we like is "ban nan" 班 腩 , lightly fried grouper with vegetables. Wop Hop is iconic.  You can't go wrong unless everyone in your group orders individually and it's the same beef and broccoli.  That would be a travesty.  It's share and share alike.
4 Well worth the trip to Mott Street. Terrific food at an affordable price. Be sure to bring cash, no checks or credit cards accepted.
5 Freaking bomb.  The food, service , price and experience. Great for tourists or locals. ...this is a must try
4 Came here for a bite to eat with my dad, girlfriend and cousin from Georgia. We waited about 20 minutes in a staircase to be seated. Once seated our waiter was attentive but very hard to understand at times. The food came out quick and was pretty decent. Not the worst lo mein I've ever had but not the best. If in the area again I will be back.
5 Wo Hop is a Chinatown staple, an icon of early Chinese American settlement in Lower Manhattan. Almost all of the staff here has been clocking 20+ years peddling food to dishes and dishes to tables. Wo Hop used to be the only 24 hour joint in Chinatown, making it a popular staple for police officers over at 1PP and other night dwellers. Don't come here for some authentic Chinese food, because the food here is unapologetically Chinese American. What you can find here instead is a comprehensive menu of stir-frys and deep fried goodness.   Recommend the Salt & Pepper Squid, Salted Fish Fried Rice, and Beef Stir Fried Chow Fun.
2 The allure is over ! Attention all you late night stoners , Actors still trying to get in SAG,  people in from out of town that don't know better .. or someone that has plenty of time at 1am to eat after they recharged their 1st edition kindle  .  Wo Hops is just under ok  .. Food is prepared like its the somewhat bad Chinese food of the 80s with dollar bills on the wall to remind you of people that have ate here but have outgrown the place and will mostly say " no way! " when asked to return . Please avoid , especially the conspicuously low technology ATM machine since you will need cash only  .. As I don't think they will ever take cards or be in any of the  10 delivery sites.  I can go on on how the food tastes like yesterday's take out from your local hole on the wall place .. but I won't spare you the details.  So if you crave some Chinese food at 3am .. just ask yourself .."what is wrong with me?" Then just make a PB&J sandwich and go back to bed.
5 Wo Hop is a-fucking-mazing.  Period  It's old, classic, and real.   Bitch about it, and you're clearly a tourist.  Leave now.
4 An excellent choice for lunch and dinner. I love the Szechuan Tofu - meaty, spicy and loaded with tender tofu!  Served with a side of white rice. Very satisfying!
4 I was told this is one of the best places in Chinatown to get food, so I was happy to give it a try. I ordered the hot and sour soup and chicken lo mein. The soup was more like sweet and sour and not very good. It truly wasn't spicy whatsoever. I was pretty disappointed in that. I absolutely loved the chicken lo mein though and my husband's honey chicken. Be prepared to wait it line, because the dining room isn't very big. We went on a Friday night and had to wait probably 30 minutes or so. Even despite not liking the soup, the rest was worth the wait and I wouldn't mind coming back in the future. The menu is rather extensive, so there is definitely something for everyone. Also, it's cash only!
1 1 Star..we found small hair  particles in our meal,hopefully it's not pubic ,pay attention people
5 Food 5/5 Authenticity 5/5 Staff 4/5  This is the real chinese food. If you want the fake ones, then go to the corner chinese takeout. I order the lobster deal that is on the wall.  If you want a surprise, just point to a dish on the wall and order that.  My friends love to order the crab dish that can't be translated into English without it sounding really dumb. So just order the crab dish and it is usually the #1 choice recommended crab dish.  CASH ONLY PLACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5 Discovered this spot a few weeks ago and had to come back with the family.  Ordered the eggplant, Chinese broccoli, salt and pepper pork, seafood soup, seafood noodle dish, and happy family, and we were just that after dinner was over!  Not sure if this place was different from the wo hop next door but will be coming back, just wish there wasn't a wait since it's so small.
4 What can I say, it's Chinatown. Not fancy, smells like fish and sewer, garbage on the streets. However, this is a New York staple and being from New York, I had to try it. Walking down the stairs and it's a small establishment. Waiters are very nice. Food is good, inexpensive. I just get grossed out easily because to me it just looks so unclean. I got over it.
2 The first time was great ate in the second time took out and hated it the food has a lot of grease in them but I love the chicken wing no matter how they came I have the duck fried rice was great eat in bad take out, general Tao chicken just bad, egg roll stay clear, home made duck sauce great paired with or without the mustard.
4 Alert : Bring Cash. No plastic accepted here. We came here from the recommendation of a native New Yorker friend. Not much to see from the outside (or inside for that matter) but the food is good and you will not leave hungry. They have about 20 kinds of soup. A bowl is the size of a frisbee, so get a cup. We had 1 bowl of soup, 2 egg rolls (one order), general tso's chicken, shrimp with rice noodles, and a side of rice - all for under $40 including tax and tip. There was a boatload of shrimp, a bucket of chicken, a mountain of rice, and the egg rolls were the size of burritos. We definitely had our Chinese food fix here.
3 Not bad for some late night eats. My buddy and might have over done it but for everything we got, we most certainly didn't get a hefty bill. I don't think I've ever seen a beef dumpling that size before--huge! The fried pork Chop was a shocker to me, have never had it before but it was amazing!
3 This might be considered heresy, but I really have never enjoyed this place; been dragged into this location several times and never liked any of the food! Perhaps the spices are not for western since abilities or maybe I just not a fan, who can tail?g
4 First time here with my hubby and was in need of something to eat and really wanted some Chinese food and it was 24/7!  So we stopped by and got to try some of the Chinese beer and it was tasty.  The only thing I would say is to make sure the food is not too hot because I was so hungry and didn't wait and burnt the top of my mouth with the noodle dish I had...ouch!!  And it still is hurting now almost a week later...but other than that the food was great and nice and hot!  But I will definitely give them a try again when we are in town...
4 We have eaten at Wo Hops for years. It is kind of a family tradition when we come to NYC. It is fast, fresh and plentiful. Price is right. I have always found the service to be great. Lots of tea and water. And the oranges at the end of the meal are great. My favorite is the Shrimp Egg Foo Young. But, we had Beef and Broccoli this time which was really good. Try it all!
4 Perfect late night Chinese joint. Super flavorful and loved the atmosphere. It was old school style no frills hole in the wall and had good taste and fast service !!! I had the general tsao chicken and sesame chicken and beef fried rice and pot stickers.
5 Ate at this place last night with my husband and boxing peeps, the food is sooooooo sooooooo good. We will definitely come back again.. these hole in the wall Resturants are truly the best and so authentic
2 Egg rolls mostly cabbage. Wonton and duck soup had those crappy white-people-Chinese-buffet wontons (but the duck was fine). Duck fried rice was soaked in soya sauce and thus super salty. Pork chow mein also soaked in soya sauce and thus super salty. We didn't finish our food, packed it up and gave it to a homeless person. This wasn't inedibly bad but it was definitely not good.
3 Good spot to come to when you're drunk af at 3am and need to get sober quick. Service is ridiculously slow around that time. However, it may be because of the crowd and there's always a bunch of interesting characters that you can chat up.    Food really isnt that great, but when youre hungover or drunk, its exactly what you need to keep moving. I love their dumplings.
5 Mom was born at 100 Mott (Little Italy) in the 1918 era. This place opened while she was dating my Dad. I would guess they were here and I have to say, the food is the best Chinese American Food I have ever had. Still. I wanted to go here since I was 16 and never made it. Now at 70, I made it and found what I was missing. Its the one in the basement, not the other one, that shares the name and is next door.
1 Sure, this is a great place for late night eats, but I do not stand for the way that my friend and I were treated when we came here on a Monday night. Chinese restaurants are not known for customer service, fine. Whatever. I deal with it. But this was just plain ridiculous.   I ordered the beef chow fun and my friend ordered the tofu & vegetable soup as well as the shrimp fried rice. The soup and my dish came out very quickly, which was great. Some time passed and the fried rice still hadn't come out. We assumed that was because he had first ordered a soup. When his plate was cleared, we continued waiting but still nothing came out and everyone around us who had ordered afterwards was already happily eating their food.   Over the course of approximately 20 minutes, we asked them about 3 or 4 times(in English) where his food was. We were hastily told that it was on its way each time and that we should expect it soon. At this point, we were getting impatient so the next time, I asked in Mandarin where his food was. The waiter (same one, mind you) went to go check our order and it turned out that they hadn't even written down the fried rice order at all. So the past few times we had asked them, the waiters were bullsh*tting to our faces. I wouldn't be writing this if they had just told us straight up that they didn't write it down. But to only check once I ask in Mandarin? Who knows how much longer we would have sat there if neither of us spoke the language. That shouldn't affect the quality of service one gets, but unfortunately that seems to be the thing in certain Chinatown restaurants and definitely seems to be the case here.   Oh, and from what I saw that night, the only people who had awful service were people of color - my friend and another man who was ordering take out. Coincidence? I'll let you decide.   And rubbing salt on the wound, the fortune cookie my friend was given was CLEARLY expired. We could fold it over without it breaking. That's how rubbery it was. If they didn't include the 16% tip in the bill, we probably would have tipped 5% instead, if even.
3 Wo Hop is pretty much what every American thought Chinese food was back in the 60's and 70's.  The glutinous sauces, the fried rice, the noodles with duck sauce.  Wo Hop gets its fair share of hate/love depending on what side of the aisle you're on.  It is wholly westernized, probably not so tasty, but it is forever an icon with the tourist crowd and the late night party/drunk crowd.  I mean where else can you get something to eat at 4 a.m. after a night on the town?  I agree that most of the Americanized Chinese food (aka General Tso's chicken, pork fried rice etc.) are pretty bleh but if you're a native, you can ask for HK style dishes and they are actually not bad.  I'm not saying this place is a must but if you've been here before, you know (or maybe don't remember) why you were.
5 Hands down the place to go to when your getting out of the club around 3am in the morning. I love this place since I've been going for years now I've introduced my boyfriend and friends to come here and they love it... at first glance you see its underground, but don't let that discourage you. Once you walk in they welcome you and attend to your needs. Service is great and every time I go they remember who I am... the food is even better. They never disappoint. I always go for the crabs Cantonese style or the jumbo shrimp Cantonese style with yong chow fried rice. So delicious and to not be compared with regular Chinese food so NOT THE SAME.
5 I've been going here for almost 20 years and it never disappoints. Prices are perfect and portions are plenty.
5 #I saw a photo of the Crab Cantonese on this Yelp page that looked so good. A bunch of scrambled eggs and minced meat on it. That's what I wanted to eat. But when they asked me if I wanted "less sauce" or "more sauce", I made the mistake of saying "medium sauce." I think that basically meant "more sauce" because I think they prepare it totally different if you want sauce. If you want the scrambled eggs, you have to say "less sauce" or "no sauce" or "dry." Because otherwise it's a meat gravy with no scrambled eggs ...which is still good too.  I think all I really just wanted was #scrambled eggs.
